Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Adacado may share your data with vendors, consultants and other service providers who are engaged by or working with Adacado in connection with the operation of the Sites or its services who need access to such information to carry out their work.
In some cases, the service provider may be directly collecting the information from you on Adacado’s behalf.
Adacado may also share personal information with other third parties when you give your consent to do so.
Adacado is not responsible for the actions of service providers or other third parties, nor is Adacado responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these service providers or other third parties, and you are encouraged to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them.
Adacado may share aggregated data for purposes such as campaign improvement, reporting, and service improvement.
Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregate information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent.
Adacado may share and enhance non-personal information collected from you with third parties.
Adacado may disclose your personal information to third parties in the good faith belief that Adacado feels authorized or obligated to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities, to respond to any claims, to protect the rights, property or safety of Adacado, its users, its employees or the public, or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
Adacado may disclose and transfer non-personal information, as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, financing or acquisition or in any other situation where personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of Adacado.
Privacy Policy for Children
Adacado is especially concerned about protecting children’s privacy.
Adacado hopes that parents and teachers are involved in children’s Internet explorations.
==========
The information Adacado gathers and the products and services provided on the Adacado Site are aimed at people who are 18 years or older.
When identified, all information given by a person under the age of 18 will be destroyed.
Changes in Privacy Policy
This policy may be changed by Adacado from time to time in Adacado’s sole discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person.
New versions of this Privacy policy will be posted here and you should check it periodically for updates.
Questions or Comments
If you have any comments or questions about this policy or Adacado’s practices, or the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact Adacado at:
Adacado Technologies, Inc.
812 – 1130 West Pender St.
Vancouver, BC, Canada, V6E 4A4
E-mail: privacy@adacado.com
Phone: 604.301.0221
==========
