Casale Media has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the Casale Media online advertising network.
Casale Media believes in all internet users' rights to privacy.
Casale Media does not engage in any form of collection, distribution, sale or use of personally identifiable information including but not limited to, names, addresses, and phone numbers.
All information collected by the Casale Media online advertising network is not personally identifiable nor does Casale Media engage in any form of consumer profiling.
To contact Casale Media regarding privacy concerns, please contact us by mail at our headquarters address or via email:
Casale Media
74 Wingold Avenue
Toronto, Ontario M6B1P5
Canada
privacy@casalemedia.com
Cookies are used by the Casale Media online advertising network to track when an internet user has seen an advertisement.
These cookies do not and will not provide us with any personally identifiable information.
Instead, these cookies are used to tell the Casale Media online advertising network if an advertisement has been served to the same computer before, and if so, when the advertisement was served.
==========
Internet users have the option of blocking the use of cookies by changing a setting in their browser.
In addition, users have the option of blocking the use of JavaScript which is used by the Casale Media online advertising network in order to display advertisements.
In order to facilitate this, please see the documentation regarding your internet browser.
==========
All information shared with both advertisers and publishers within the Casale Media online advertising network is done so in an aggregate fashion.
This allows us to provide members of the advertising network with broad percentages regarding the users who are receiving advertisements through the network.
However, this data is not linked to any form of personally identifiable information.
Information collected by advertisers on their websites who are members of the Casale Media online advertising network may contain personally identifiable information, however this data would be provided by the individual internet user in the form of online order forms, contests, or otherwise.
This personally identifiable information collected outside the Casale Media online advertising network is subject to the privacy policies of the individual advertisers involved.
The Casale Media online advertising network prides itself in providing an atmosphere that is not disruptive to internet users.
Due to our proprietary targeting methodologies, we are able to ensure advertisers can effectively target their campaigns to the audience they are looking to reach without having to invade the privacy of internet users by engaging in profiling practices.
Casale Media may find it necessary to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Any changes will be posted at this site.
Except as otherwise required by law, any modifications made to this Privacy Policy will not affect the privacy of data collected by Casale Media prior to the effective date of the policy change.
==========
