Privacy Policy of https://sqreemtech.com/ 
Information Security Management Policy: View document 
This website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Owner and Data Controller - Sqreem Technologies
Contact email:privacy@sqreem.com
Types of Data collected - Among the types of Personal Data that this Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example), email address and geographic position.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.
==========
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Website to provide its services.
In cases where this Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
==========
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used by this Website serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
==========
Mode and place of processing the Data | Methods of processing - The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated.
In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner.
==========
The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing - The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:


Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases.
This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;


provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;


processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;


processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;


processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
==========
Place - The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own.
To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
==========
Retention time - Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:


Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes.
Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
==========
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn.
Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted.
Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
==========
The purposes of processing - The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics, Advertising, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Commercial affiliation, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Platform services and hosting, Managing contacts and sending messages, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Location-based interactions, Displaying content from external platforms, Tag Management and Advertising serving infrastructure.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data - Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:



This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes 
                              displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Website, possibly based on User interests.This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose.
==========
Information and conditions of use are shown below.Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. 
                              displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Website.
For more information, 
                              please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.In addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by 
                              visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.In order to understand Google's use of Data, consultGoogle's partner policy.Personal Data collected: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.Amazon Mobile Ads (Amazon)Amazon Mobile Ads is an advertising service provided by Amazon.com, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.AppNexus (AppNexus Inc.)AppNexus is an advertising service provided by AppNexus Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out.Bing Ads (Microsoft Corporation)Bing Ads is an advertising service provided by Microsoft Corporation.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.BuySellAds (BuySellAds.com Inc.)BuySellAds is an advertising service provided by BuySellAds.com Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.DoubleClick for Publishers (Google Inc.)DoubleClick for Publishers is an advertising service provided by Google Inc. that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in 
                              conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with.
In order to opt 
                              out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of Youronlinechoices.
In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner policy.This service uses the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Website and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.Users may decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies by clicking on:www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc.)Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc.
In order to understand Facebook's use of Data, 
                              consult Facebook's data policy.
This Website may use identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for 
                              iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Facebook Audience Network service.
One of the ways Audience Network shows ads is by using 
                              the User's ad preferences.
The User can control this in the Facebook ad settings.
==========
Users may opt-out of certain Audience Network targeting through applicable device 
                              settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Audience Network related sections of this privacy policy, if available.Personal Data collected: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.Google AdSense (Google Inc.)Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google Inc.
This service uses the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Website and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.Users may decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies by clicking on: google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.OpenX Ad Exchange (OpenX Technologies, Inc.)OpenX Ad Exchange is an advertising service provided by OpenX Technologies, Inc.The service provides an ad exchange platform that facilitates the optimization of ads from multiple ad networks, which can be third parties to both OpenX and the Owner.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.Yahoo App Publishing Advertising (Yahoo! Inc.)Yahoo App Publishing is an advertising service provided by Yahoo! Inc.If the User chooses to opt-out, Yahoo App Publishing will stop tracking data for the device identified by the provided MAC address and/or device identifier going forward.Yahoo App Publishing will stop providing ads and/or recommendations to that MAC address and/or device identifier across all publishers.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and 
                              can be used to keep track of User behavior.Alexa Metrics (Alexa Internet, Inc.)Alexa Metrics is an analytics service provided by Alexa Internet, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.Facebook Analytics for Apps (Facebook, Inc.)Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc.Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified 
                              in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.Google Analytics (Google Inc.)Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”).
==========
Google utilizes the Data 
                              collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.Adobe Analytics (Adobe Systems Incorporated)Adobe Analytics is an analytics service provided by Adobe Systems, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
==========
Privacy Shield participant.Analytics collected directly (this Website)This Website uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Display Advertising extension for Google Analytics (Google Inc.)Google Analytics on this Website might use Google's Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience 
                              data and information from the DoubleClick Cookie to extend analytics with demographics, interests and ads interaction data.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.)Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the 
                              Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Website.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. that connects data from the 
                              Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on this Website.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”).
Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine 
                              the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address.
==========
It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional 
                              cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Corporation)LinkedIn conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by LinkedIn Corporation that connects data from the 
                              LinkedIn advertising network with actions performed on this Website.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.Twitter Ads conversion tracking (Twitter, Inc.)Twitter Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Twitter, Inc. that connects 
                              data from the Twitter advertising network with actions performed on this Website.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.Wordpress Stats (Automattic Inc.)Wordpress Stats is an analytics service provided by Automattic Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.Yahoo Advertising conversion tracking (Yahoo! Inc.)Yahoo Advertising conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Yahoo! Inc. that connects data from the 
                              Yahoo advertising network with actions performed on this Website.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
==========
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Website and interact with them.This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.Google Fonts (Google Inc.)Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.Google Site Search (Google Inc.)Google Site Search is a search engine embedding service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.AddThis (Addthis Inc.)AddThis is a service provided by Clearspring Technologies Inc., which displays a widget that allows 
                              interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing the contents of this Website.Depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared.
In this case, 
                              also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and Usage Data on the pages where this service is installed.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by 
                              clicking on links included in the message.Campaign Monitor (Freshview Pty Ltd.)Campaign Monitor is an email address management and message sending service provided by Freshview Pty Ltd.Personal Data collected: Cookies.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
==========
This type of service allows this Website and its partners to inform, optimize and serve 
                              advertising based on past use of this Website by the User.This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred 
                              to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.In addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's 
                              use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.AdWords Remarketing (Google Inc.)AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects 
                              the activity of this Website with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, 
                              Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Facebook advertising network.Personal Data collected: Cookies and email address.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.)Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc.
==========
that connects the activity of this Website with the Facebook advertising network.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.LinkedIn Website Retargeting (LinkedIn Corporation)LinkedIn Website Retargeting is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by LinkedIn Corporation 
                              that connects the activity of this Website with the LinkedIn advertising network.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.Twitter Remarketing (Twitter, Inc.)Twitter Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Twitter, Inc. that connects 
                              the activity of this Website with the Twitter advertising network.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.
==========
This type of service has the purpose of providing an advertising serving infrastructure that enables this Website 
                              to maintain its own network that serves optimized and targeted advertisements.To this end, the services listed below may allow the Owner to track unique User visits and their navigation patterns, also with the help of Cookies.This tracking may occur across different sites or apps, in order to serve optimized and targeted advertisements.OpenX Ad Server (OpenX Technologies, Inc.)OpenX Ad Server is an advertising server provision service provided by OpenX Technologies, Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
This type of service allows this Website to display advertisements for third-party products or services.
Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics.Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below, and are shared with this Website.For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service.Amazon Affiliation (Amazon)Amazon Affiliation is a commercial affiliation service provided by Amazon.com Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Website to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made 
                              infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Website.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to 
                              determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)Amazon Web Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon.com Inc.Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Canada – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy; United Kingdom – 
                              Privacy Policy; France – Privacy Policy; Germany – Privacy Policy; India – Privacy Policy; Australia – Privacy Policy; Japan – 
                              Privacy Policy; Singapore – Privacy Policy; Privacy Shield participant.Google App Engine (Google Inc.)Google App Engine is a hosting service provided by Google Inc.Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Canada – Privacy Policy; United Kingdom – Privacy Policy; Germany – 
                              Privacy Policy; Japan – Privacy Policy; India – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.
==========
Geolocation (this Website)This Website may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default.
If explicit authorization has been provided, 
                              the User’s location data may be tracked by this Website.Personal Data collected: geographic position.
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Website, therefore allowing the provision of this Website from within a 
                              unified platform.
==========
Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, 
                              payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it 
                              difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.Blogger (Google Inc.)Blogger is a platform provided by Google Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Website.Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Website in a centralized fashion.This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.
==========
Further information about Personal Data



The Owner may use the Personal and Usage Data collected through this Website to create or update User profiles.
This type of Data processing allows the Owner to evaluate User choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the respective section of this document.User profiles can also be created through the use of automated tools like algorithms, which can also be provided by third parties.
==========
To find out more, about the profiling 
                              activities performed, Users can check the relevant sections of this document.The User always has a right to object to this kind of profiling activity.
To find out more about the User's rights and how to exercise them, the User is invited to 
                              consult the section of this document outlining the rights of the User.
==========
Automated decision-making means that a decision which is likely to have legal effects or similarly significant effects on the User, is taken solely by technological means, 
                              without any human intervention.
This Website may use the User's Personal Data to make decisions entirely or partially based on automated processes according to the purposes outlined in this document.
This Website adopts automated decision-making processes as far as necessary to enter into or perform a contract between User and Owner, or on the basis of the User’s explicit consent, where such consent is required by the law.Automated decisions are made by technological means – mostly based on algorithms subject to predefined criteria – which may also be provided by third parties.The rationale behind the automated decision-making is:
to enable or otherwise improve the decision-making process;
to grant Users fair and unbiased treatment based on consistent and uniform criteria;
to reduce the potential harm derived from human error, personal bias and the like which may potentially lead to 
                                  discrimination or imbalance in the treatment of individuals etc.;
to reduce the risk of User's failure to meet their obligation under a contract.
To find out more about the purposes, the third-party services, if any, and any specific 
                                  rationale for automated decisions used within this Website, Users can check the relevant sections in this document.
Consequences of automated decision-making processes for Users and rights of Users subjected to itAs a consequence, Users subject to such processing, are entitled to exercise specific rights aimed at preventing or otherwise limiting the potential effects of 
                              the automated decisions taken.In particular, Users have the right to:
obtain an explanation about any decision taken as a result of automated decision-making and express their point of view regarding this decision;
challenge a decision by asking the Owner to reconsider it or take a new decision on a different basis;
request and obtain from the Owner human intervention on such processing.
To learn more about the User’s rights and the means to exercise them, 
                                  the User is invited to consult the section of this document relating to the rights of the User.
The rights of Users - Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:


Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
==========
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
==========
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data.
In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
==========
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
==========
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
==========
Details about the right to object to processing - Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification.
To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights - Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document.
These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
==========
Cookie Policy - This Website uses Cookies.
To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, the User may consult theCookie Policy.
==========
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action - The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Website or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data - In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
==========
System logs and maintenance - For operation and maintenance purposes, this Website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Website (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy - More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
==========
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled - This Website does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy - The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Website and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner.
It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
==========
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Personal Data (or Data)Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or 
                            identifiability of a natural person.Usage DataInformation collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the 
                            IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), 
                            the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating 
                            the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, 
                            the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special 
                            reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.UserThe individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.Data SubjectThe natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.Data Controller (or Owner)The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the 
                            operation and use of this Website.
The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.This Website (or this Application)The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.ServiceThe service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
==========
European Union (or EU)Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member 
                            states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.CookiesSmall sets of data stored in the User's device.Legal informationThis privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
==========
