Privacy and Confidentiality Statements

		The present statements are intended to inform users about the scope of the full protection of the personal data stored in archives, registries, databases or other technical means of data processing in support of an agreement to respect the right to the privacy of the individuals as well as free access to information about them that may be recorded.
With respect to the purpose stated, Sonico.com guarantees that the data obtained through the site will be handled in such a way that it remains protected at all times in accordance with data privacy regulations.
The confidentiality of private communication between Sonico.com and the users involves the maintenance of information stored in archives and databases, which are not accessible to any users or third parties who do not have the required authorization.
Voluntary submission of data.
The present statements are meant to inform the users about the way Sonico.com handles personal data, so that the users can freely and voluntarily decide whether or not to submit personal information when it is required or may be obtained when using some of the services available at “http://www.sonico.com”

		As a general rule, when Personal Data is requested in order to use a service or to access certain content, providing this data is not obligatory, except for in those cases where it is specifically indicated that the data is required for use of the service or in order to access the content.
Purpose of collected data
The collecting and processing of personal data is intended to enable Sonico.com to provide, manage, administer, personalize, update and improve the services and content available to its users.
Likewise, the data may be used to send users messages related to the services and content provided by Sonico.com.
Authorization of use 
		All users who make their personal data available expressly authorize Sonico.com to use the data provided for the purposes stated here.
Providing this data also implies the user’s acceptance of all of the terms contained in these Statements and in the General Terms and Conditions.
==========
Non-assignment of data
Out of respect for the privacy and confidentiality of the users, Sonico.com does not share or transfer personal information about users to any third party.
Nevertheless, the services of Sonico.com were designed to allow users to share different types from information, including information of a personal nature.
Therefore, by submitting a photo and/or any personal information, the user renounces any expectation of privacy with respect to the use of the personal information provided.
Users who do not wish to have their information made public on the Site, should not use the service.
==========
Rights of the owners of the information
		In turn, and following from the guarantee of protected rights, the purpose also includes giving those individuals who are linked to the registered data total access to information at any time.
This allows the user to exercise rights to access, rectification or cancellation of data and opposition which are discussed below.
Every user may carry out said rights by directing an email to: legal_sonico_es@mail.cloncom.com

		Once users have entered their data, Sonico.com may rectify, remove or update the users’ personal data where appropriate.
Certain data will not be deleted if this could infringe the rights or legitimate interests of third parties, or if there is a legal obligation to retain the information.
The right to demand the rectification of the information: In principal, the right to demand rectification can be exercised in the event of falsification, inaccuracy, vagueness or character of the error that may be contained in the data.
==========
The recognition thereof entails that of preserving the accuracy of the information to ensure its quality.
The right to require information to be updated: The update is based upon preserving the validity of the data, that is, the relationship of the information it represents within the temporal scope in which it is provided.
The rights to addition and dissociation: Users may require that information be added to registered data if it is considered incomplete and is an inaccurate representation.
Similarly, they may also demand the dissociation of data containing personal traits or characteristics which only allow for processing without the possibility of establishing associations or links to the owners of the data.
Submission and Withdrawal Policy: The removal of an item of data implies that it has permanently been eliminated from the file or registry, that is, it has completely disappeared and there is no remaining evidence of its previous registration.
==========
About Cookies
Sonico.com may use cookies that are installed on the user’s computer when the user navigates the Site.
The purpose of this is to facilitate the user’s navigation of the site and to provide Sonico.com with information that will allow it to improve its services and content.
In no case are the cookies used by Sonico.com to supply information of a personal nature about the user, who will maintain complete anonymity, with respect to Sonico.com as well, given that Sonico.com does not provide personally identifiable information about the user.
Sonico.com emphasizes that it is not necessary for the user to allow the cookies sent by Sonico.com to be installed in order to navigate the site.
The only case in which this may be a requirement is with respect to certain services and content.
Adopted security measures
With respect to its archives or databases that may contain personal information about the users, Sonico.com adopts all logical and physical security measures required by law and measures of suitable prudence and diligence in protecting third parties who have put their trust in Sonico.com
==========
