VEHICLE DATA PRIVACY PRACTICESAmerican Honda Motor Co., Inc.American Honda Motor, Co., Inc. (“Honda”), the distributor of Acura and Honda vehicles in the United States, for a long time has taken most seriously the need to protect consumer privacy.
With the growing application of in-vehicle technologies and services that can transmit personally identifiable information to Honda, its service providers, and, potentially, third parties in order to enhance the safety, performance, and driving experience of its customers, Honda has, along with other automakers, made a commitment about how it will collect, use, share, and hold such information.
==========
The Consumer Privacy Protection Principles for Vehicle Technologies and Services (the “Privacy Principles”) that are linked below reflect that commitment.
The Privacy Principles provide a framework for how Honda will handle “Covered Information.”
Covered Information consists of personally identifiable information collected, generated, recorded, or stored in an electronic format in vehicles as part of vehicle technologies and services that can be retrieved by or on behalf of Honda, or is personal subscription information provided by consumers subscribing to or registering for certain vehicle technologies or services.
The Privacy Principles provide additional, heightened protections for the most sensitive types of consumer in-vehicle data, such as geo-location, driver behavior, and biometric data.
==========
Fundamentals of the Privacy Principles: • Transparency: Honda commits to providing Owners and Registered Users of connected vehicle services with ready access to clear, meaningful notices about its collection, use, and sharing of Covered Information.
• Choice: Honda commits to offering Owners and Registered Users with certain choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of Covered Information.
• Respect for Context: Honda commits to using and sharing Covered Information in ways that are consistent with the context in which the Covered Information was collected, taking account of the likely impact on Owners and Registered Users.
• Data Minimization, De-Identification & Retention: Honda commits to collecting Covered Information only as needed for legitimate business purposes.
Honda further commits to retaining Covered Information for only as long as it determines necessary for legitimate business purposes.
• Data Security: Honda commits to implementing reasonable measures to protect Covered Information against unauthorized access or use.
• Integrity & Access: Honda commits to implementing reasonable measures to maintain the accuracy of Covered Information and further commits to offering Owners and Registered Users reasonable means to review and correct Personal Subscription Information that they provide during the subscription or registration process for Vehicle Technologies and Services.
• Accountability: Honda commits to taking reasonable steps to ensure that it and other entities that receive Covered Information adhere to the Privacy Principles.
==========
As part of the commitments under the Privacy Principles, Honda has established this webpage so consumers can access the American Honda Vehicle Data Privacy Policy, which explains how Honda collects, maintains, uses, and discloses Covered Information as part of vehicle technologies and services, and all of the other relevant documents related to Honda programs, technologies and services whereby Covered Information may be collected, used, shared or held by Honda.
The applicable documents are linked below:• General Privacy Policy• Statement Regarding HondaLink® Assist Automatic Collision Notification & Assistance Request• Statement Regarding Event Data Recorder Operations• Commitment of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, Inc. and the Association of Global Automakers, Inc. (now, collectively, the Alliance for Automotive Innovation) to the Consumer Privacy Protection Principles for Vehicle Technologies and ServicesVEHICLE DATA PRIVACY POLICYAmerican Honda Motor Co., Inc.Effective December 16, 2020Thank you for selecting a Honda or Acura vehicle.
Your privacy is important to American Honda Motor Co., Inc. (“Honda”, “we”, “our”, “us”).
==========
Vehicle data collection varies by product, model and year.
Your vehicle (e.g., car, truck, motorcycle) may be equipped with technology that enables you to access and use a variety of connected, wireless, or internet-based functions and services, either directly in the vehicle or through a smart device or a smart device software application that you connect with the vehicle (collectively, “Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services”).
Certain of these Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services may also provide us or our service providers with information about your vehicle and your use of the vehicle.Examples of Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services available on some vehicles include, but are not limited to, HondaLink®, AcuraLink®, incident response and roadside assistance services accessed directly through the vehicle, traffic and weather services, navigation services, vehicle diagnostic tools, vehicle location/locator services, vehicle geo-fencing services, and programs on the vehicle or your smart device that analyze your use of the vehicle or its systems.This Vehicle Data Privacy Policy (“Vehicle Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, maintain, use, and disclose the following information related to the Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services (collectively, “Covered Information”):• Information that the vehicle collects, generates, records, or stores in electronic form, which we or a service provider receive from the vehicle or from smart devices (or applications thereon) you connect to the vehicle, which is associated or may reasonably be associated with the vehicle from which the information was retrieved, the owner(s)/lessee(s) of the vehicle, a connected smart device, or a registered user of Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services; • Information you provide when subscribing or registering for Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services.This Vehicle Privacy Policy also discusses On-Board Data, which is information that the vehicle collects, generates, records, or stores in electronic form that remains on the vehicle and could be retrieved by a person with access to the vehicle, but which is not routinely wirelessly retrieved by us.
For example, On-Board Data may include diagnostic information that a dealer’s vehicle service technician or another person can retrieve using a plug-in device or destinations a user programs into the navigation system.
==========
However, this Vehicle Privacy Policy does not apply to information recorded on your vehicle’s Supplemental Restraint System Electronic Control Unit (“SRS ECU”) during a crash event.
Information stored on the SRS ECU is only accessible via a physical connection with special tools and state and/or federal law restricts who may access such information and how such information may be accessed.This Vehicle Privacy Policy supplements our Privacy Policy.
You should review our Privacy Policy in addition to this Vehicle Privacy Policy.You accept the terms of this Vehicle Privacy Policy, and consent to our collection, use, storage, and disclosure of information as explained in this Vehicle Privacy Policy, when you:• Purchase or lease a vehicle equipped with Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services;• Use Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services;• Subscribe, register, or provide any information to us in connection with an attempt to subscribe or register for any Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services;• Agree to the terms & conditions of any Connected Vehicle Technologies and Services; or• Accept or enable data transmission, collection, or analytic services on a vehicle or connected smart device.2




More Information
Less Information


Close
==========
