We use the Personal Information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We will use your Personal Information in order to provide you with access to and use of our Services, to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services and to better understand our users.
If you contact us by email through the Services, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you.
In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about our products and services and the products and services of our partners that we believe may be of interest to you.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such marketing information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
We also use your Personal Information (e.g., your name or Klout username), your Klout Score, Profile, connected networks, Klout Topics, top moments, information summarizing or derived from this information (collectively “Klout Data”), and/or the raw data used to calculate Klout Data collected both prior to and after your registration with Klout, to analyze and use for the following purposes: (i) product and technology development and enhancement; (ii) identifying target markets for marketing and advertising; (iii) analyzing and prioritizing social media interactions, including responses to posted content; (iv) searching for, locating and providing content relevant to specific individuals’ interests; and, (v) other general market analysis.
Further, in an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of our Services, we also often conduct research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Information and other information provided to us.
==========
This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, advertisers and business partners.
This aggregate information does not identify you personally.
We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes (including providing advertising use cases to actual or potential advertisers).
==========
