Unless otherwise indicated, this Web site and its contents are the property of Pearson Education, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries, affiliates, or assigns	(collectively "Pearson Education"), and are protected, without limitations, pursuant to U.S. and foreign copyright and trademark laws.
By accessing this Web site, you agree to the following terms and conditions.
If you do not agree, you have no right or license to access this Web site	and you should not do so.
General Terms
 You are authorized to download one copy of the material on this Web site on one computer for your personal, non-commercial use only.
In doing so, you may not remove or in any way alter any trademark, copyright, or other proprietary notice.
==========
Except as allowed in the preceding sentence, you may not modify, copy, distribute, republish, commercially exploit, or upload any of the material on the Web site without the prior written consent of Pearson Education.
No intellectual property or other rights in and to this Web site or its contents, other than the limited right to use set forth above, are transferred to you.
PEARSON EDUCATION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT	TO THIS WEB SITE OR ITS CONTENTS, WHICH ARE PROVIDED FOR USE "AS IS."
PEARSON EDUCATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE WEB SITE AND ANY WEB SITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED.
PEARSON EDUCATION ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO WHETHER THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THIS WEB SITE, OR ANY WEB SITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED, IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT.
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy and completeness of all information, opinions, and other material on this Web site or any Web site with which it is linked.
Price information is subject to change without notice.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, Pearson Education and its employees, agents, suppliers, and contractors shall in no event be liable for any claims, charges, and contractors damages, liabilities, losses, and expenses of whatever nature and howsoever arising, including, without limitation any compensatory, incidental, direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of data, loss caused	by a computer or electronic virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind of character, even if Pearson Education has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of this Web site, or any Web site with which it is linked.
You assume total responsibility for establishing such procedures for data back up and virus checking as you consider necessary.
==========
Postings
 To the extent that portions of this Web site (such as "chat rooms" or "bulletin boards") provide users an opportunity to post and exchange information, ideas and opinions ("Posting"), BE ADVISED THAT PEARSON EDUCATION HAS NO OBLIGATION TO SCREEN, EDIT, OR REVIEW POSTINGS PRIOR TO THEIR APPEARANCE ON THIS WEB SITE, and Postings do not necessarily reflect the views of Pearson Education.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Pearson Education shall in no event have any responsibility or liability for the Postings or for any claims, damages, or losses resulting from their use and/or appearance on this Site.
Pearson Education reserves the right to monitor all Postings and to remove any which it considers in its absolute discretion to be offensive or otherwise in breach of these terms and conditions.
You hereby represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights in and to all Postings you provide and all material they contain; that your Postings shall not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties; that your Postings shall not contain any viruses or other contaminating or destructive devices or features; that your Postings shall not contain any defamatory, indecent, offensive, tortious, or otherwise unlawful material or content; and that your Postings shall not be used to carry out or solicit any unlawful activity and/or be used to make commercial solicitations.
==========
You hereby authorize Pearson Education to use and/or authorize others to use all or part of your Postings in any manner, format, or medium that Pearson Education or such other parties see fit.
You shall have no claim or other recourse against Pearson Education for infringement of any proprietary right in Postings.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Pearson Education from and against any and all claims, charges, demands, damages, liabilities, losses, expenses, and liabilities of whatever nature and howsoever arising (including but not limited to any legal or other professional fees and the costs of defending or prosecuting any claim and any loss of profit, goodwill, and any other direct or consequential loss) incurred or suffered by Pearson Education directly or indirectly by reason of any act or omission which you commit in breach of these terms and conditions and the obligations and warranties contained in them.
==========
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Compliance
 If you have any copyright concerns about any materials posted on this site (” Pearson Site”) by others, please let us know.
We comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. § 512).
Please provide us with written notice (“Notice”) by contacting our Designated Agent at the following address:
Designated AgentPearson Education, Inc.200 Old Tappan RoadOld Tappan, NJ 07675Facsimile: 201-785-2721E-mail: dmca.agent@pearsoned.comTo be effective, the Notice must include the following:A physical or electronic signature of the owner, or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner (“Complaining Party”) of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed upon;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Pearson Education, Inc. (“Pearson”) to contact the Complaining Party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address;
Identification of the allegedly infringing material on the Pearson Site (“Infringing Material”), and information reasonably sufficient to permit Pearson to locate such material on the Pearson Site;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed upon (“Infringed Material”), or if multiple copyrighted works at a single Pearson Site are covered by a single Notice, a list of each copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (please be specific as to which Infringing Material is infringing on which Infringed Material);
A statement that the Complaining Party has a good faith belief that use of Infringing Material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the Notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the Complaining Party is the owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
==========
