Lookout, Inc.Lookout for Work ApplicationPrivacy NoticeEffective Date: 11/17/2020Origination Date: 10/24/2016Lookout for Work ApplicationPrivacy NoticeLookout for Work ApplicationPrivacy Notice1117202Lookout for Work ApplicationPrivacy NoticeLookout, Inc. (“Lookout,” “we,” or “us” or “our”)firmly believes that your privacy is as important as your security, so we  want  to  be  transparent  about  the  data  we  collect  to  help  safeguard  your  device  and  the  security  of  your employer.
Lookoutprovides  you  with  this  Enterprise  Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) to  describe  our  information practices with respect to our Lookout for Work application(the “Services”).
This Notice governs the data collected from or about you through your installation and activation of our Services on your mobile device.
By downloading and activating the Services, you acknowledgethe data collection, use, disclosure, and storage practices described in this Notice.Any information that is collected from you by Lookout other than through the use of the Services will be subject to a different privacy notice.
You may have been directed to download and install the Services as a result of your employment by an organization that either (1) requires all or some of its workforce to install the Services or (2) requires all or some of its workforce to  install  a  mobile  device  management  suite  that  includes  the Services.
Please understandthat,  unless  explicitly specified otherwise herein,this Notice governs only our information practices with respect to our Services.
To the extent you have questions or requests regarding the data collection, use, disclosure, and security practices of your employer (“Employer”) ora mobile device management provider (“MDM Provider”), or about data that we collect on behalf of your Employer, you should direct those questions or requests to those parties.Lookout reserves the right to change this Notice at any time to reflect changesin the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of the Services, or advances in technology.
==========
If we make material changes to this Notice, then  we  will endeavor  to notify  you.
If  you  take  exception  to  the  information  contained  herein, then  you  should cease your use of the Services.We have structuredthis Notice to answer some generalquestions about our Services.
ThisNotice contains answers to the following:1.
What is the Lookout for Work application?
2.
What data does Lookout collect from your mobile device?
3.
Does Lookout read or review my emails or see my photos?
4.
Does Lookout collect any other data about me outside of my mobile device?
5.
When does Lookout collect data from my mobile device?
6.
How does Lookout use the data collected from my mobile device?
7.
Does Lookout share my data with anyone else?
8.
Does Lookout sell your personal information to anyone else?
9.
What information can my Employer NOT see?
10.
Do you use my data for marketing purposes?
11.
How does Lookout protect my data and for how long is it retained?
12.
Where does Lookout store my data?
13.
What are my data rights and choices?
14.
How can I contact you with more questions?
1.
==========
What isthe Lookout for Work application?The Lookout for  Work  applicationis  a  mobile  security  solution  that protects  mobile  devices  and  enterprises  from threats and compliance violationswith corporate policies.
Leveraging a global sensor network of over 100M sensors, Lookout  delivers  predictive  security  by  using  machine  intelligence  to  identify  complex  patterns  that  indicate  risk patterns  that  would  otherwise  escape  human  analysts.
When  a  threat  has  been  detected,  Lookout  provides 




More Information
Less Information


Close
==========
