Service Providers
Salesforce may share Data about Salesforce Visitors, Customers and Attendees with the Company’s contracted service providers so that these service providers can provide services on our behalf.
These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide the requested services to us.
Without limiting the foregoing, Salesforce may also share Data about Salesforce Visitors, Customers and Attendees with the Company’s service providers to ensure the quality of information provided, and with third–party social networking and media Web sites, such as Facebook, for marketing and advertising on those Web sites.
Unless described in this Privacy Statement, Salesforce does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
==========
Salesforce.com Affiliates 
The Company may share Data about Salesforce Customers with other companies in order to work with them, including affiliates of the Salesforce corporate group.
For example, the Company may need to share Data about Salesforce Customers with other companies within the Salesforce corporate family for customer support, marketing, technical operations and account management purposes.
Business Partners
From time to time, Salesforce may partner with other companies to jointly offer products,  services, or programs (such as webinars or downloadble content) such as our AppExchange partners.
If you purchase, specifically express interest in, or register for a jointly–offered product, service, or program from or through Salesforce, the Company may share Data about Salesforce Customers collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our partner(s).
Salesforce does not control our business partners’ use of the Data about Salesforce Customers that we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies.
If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.
Salesforce does not share Data about Salesforce Attendees with business partners unless: (1) you specifically opt in to such sharing via an event registration form; or (2) you attend a Company event and allow Salesforce or any of its business partners to scan your attendee badge.
If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may choose not to opt in via event registration forms and elect not to have your badge scanned at Company events.
If you choose to share your information with business partners in the manners described above, your information will be subject to the business partners’ respective privacy statements.
Third Parties
Section 4 of this Privacy Statement, Web Site Navigational Information, specifically addresses the information we or third parties collect through cookies and web beacons, and how you can control cookies through your Web browsers.
We may also disclose your personal information to any third party with your prior consent.
==========
Billing
Salesforce uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing.
This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on the Company’s behalf.
Compelled Disclosure
Salesforce reserves the right to use or disclose information provided if required by law or if the Company reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the Company’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
==========
