CIBC Online Privacy Statement
Current to:  June 1, 2012
At CIBC, the protection and security of your personal information is of utmost importance.
This Online Privacy Statement tells you how we collect, use and safeguard your personal information collected through the use of our websites or other online or electronic technologies such as email and mobile applications.
It applies to all users of any CIBC-owned websites and domains as well as CIBC advertisements on other websites.
It is in addition to our Privacy Policy "Your Privacy is Protected", and the terms of any CIBC product or services agreement we have with you.
In this Online Privacy Statement, “CIBC”, “we”, “us” and “our” means CIBC and its wholly owned subsidiaries and “you” and “your” means the user of, or visitor to a CIBC website, domain, advertisement or communication.
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect personal information in the following ways:

Information you provide through CIBC Online Banking (e.g. in an online application), for a CIBC product (e.g. name, email address etc.) and information such as user IDs, passwords or service preferences (e.g. language).
If you communicate with us online or by email or text message, we may collect information contained in that communication, such as your email address or mobile phone number
Transactional information about your use of CIBC online products and services 
Information that your browser sends to us, such as your IP address (a number required for using the Internet that is automatically assigned to your computer or device and from which the general geographic location of the computer or device can be derived), type of web browser (e.g. Explorer, Chrome, Safari or Firefox) and the referring website address.
Web technologies (e.g. cookies) are used to collect information about how people use our website, to enhance security and your user experience, to determine response to emails, or to save personal information that you have inputted into online tools and calculators (see Web Technologies for more details) 

How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the personal information that we collect for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy, including to:

Provide you with our online products, services and support
Monitor online activity to protect you and your personal information
Enhance online security including preventing and detecting security threats, fraud and other illegal activities
Communicate with you, including providing alerts that you have requested
Evaluate the effectiveness of our websites, communications, marketing, and online offers and promotions

How We Safeguard Your Personal Information
Protecting the security of your personal information and the financial transactions you conduct online is of utmost importance.
We use multiple layers of protection when you access any of our online products or services, such as CIBC Online Banking, including:

Web browser encryption – All browsers supported by CIBC online services offer 128-bit encryption.
This provides a high level of protection for transmitting confidential data over the Internet
Firewalls – We have secure firewalls designed to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
Monitoring – We monitor activity on CIBC online services to enhance security and to protect your personal information

Third Party Websites or Links
CIBC may advertise its products, services or community initiatives on another company’s website.
If you access one of these ads, we may track the response rate and the website activity associated with each ad.
The response rate data is collected anonymously and is used to help us plan future online advertising campaigns.
==========
Also, CIBC websites may contain links to non-CIBC websites.
CIBC is not responsible for the information and privacy practices of these third-party websites.
We recommend that you read any such third-party website’s privacy policy to learn about its information and privacy practices before you provide any personal information.
==========
Mobile Applications
CIBC may from time to time offer mobile applications or services that use location information.
If you choose to use such applications or services, CIBC may, if your location-aware device settings allow us, collect information about your location (for example, GPS signals or information that can be used to approximate a location) to provide you with services you request.
Changes to Our Online Privacy Statement
CIBC may, from time to time, update this Online Privacy Statement in order to reflect changes in our online information practices.
If we make any changes, we will post the revised statement on www.cibc.com with an updated current date.
We encourage you to periodically check our Online Privacy Statement to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version.
==========
