New: Effective January 1, 2020
 
We take pride in the relationship of trust we have built with our consumers, and we are committed to treating your personal information with care and respect.
In addition to the rights set out in our Privacy Policy, California law also provides for some additional rights for California consumers, which are summarized below.
Opt-out of sharing certain Personal Information

In order to understand how you use our apps and websites across the various devices you use, and to deliver ads tailored to your likely interests, Adobe may share information about which of your devices are used by the same person with third parties that participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op.
Adobe only shares information about how devices are linked and does not share information that directly identifies you.
However, because participants in the Device Co-op may use the information about linked devices to understand usage of their services and to offer a tailored experience across your devices, such information sharing may be considered a “sale” under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
Learn more or opt out by unlinking devices in the Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op.
Note that you will need to opt-out separately from each device and browser you use to access Adobe websites and apps.
==========
Categories of Personal Information 
You have the right to obtain a list of the categories of personal information collected about you, and other related information such as the source of the information, categories of information shared or sold to third parties, and the purpose for such sharing.
Adobe has provided this information in the Privacy Policy.
Additional information on exercising your rights
You have the right to exercise the rights listed above and in our Privacy Policy free of charge or penalty, but we may limit the number of requests you make or charge reasonable fees as legally permitted.
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise some of your rights; however, in order to help protect the security of your personal information, the authorized agent must follow the same authentication procedures that are required if you exercise your rights without using an agent.
Adobe will verify requests made through authorized agents to help ensure the safety of your account and to comply with our policies and procedures.
==========
