These Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms and Conditions") and Privacy Policy were last updated on November 5, 2010.
Welcome to usnews.com, which is published by U.S. News & World Report, L.P. ("U.S. News").
As used in these Terms and Conditions, the term "Website" refers to the Website located at www.usnews.com, our E-mail newsletters, our paid content, our online discussion forums, and any other of our sites on which a link to these Terms and Conditions appears.
U.S. News does not control, and is not responsible for, any third-party site to which the Website links.
==========
You agree that your use of the Website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions may be modified at any time and from time to time; the date of the most recent changes or revisions will appear on this page.
Continued access to the Website by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Agreement.
Other portions of the Website may be governed by different or additional terms and conditions.
In the event of a conflict between any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use, on the one hand, and any other terms and conditions, on the other hand, the applicable provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use shall prevail with respect to your use of the Website.
==========
The materials contained on the Website are provided by U.S. News as a service to you for your noncommercial, personal use on an "as is, as available" basis and may be used by you for information purposes only.
You acknowledge that you are using the Website at your own risk.
U.S. News assumes no responsibility for error or omissions in these materials.
U.S. News makes no commitment to update the information contained herein.
U.S. News makes no, and expressly disclaims any and all, representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the Website, including without limitation the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of text, graphics, links, products and services, and other items accessed from or via the Website, or that use of the Website will be uninterrupted, error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components.
==========
No advice or information given by U.S. News or any other party on the Website shall create any warranty or liability.
U.S. News does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials at the Website in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise.
Under no circumstances shall U.S. News or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, or their respective partners, officers, directors, employees, or agents be held liable for any damages, whether direct, incidental, indirect, special, or consequential, and including, without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, arising from or in connection with your use, reliance on, or performance of the information on the Website.
U.S. News periodically schedules system downtime for maintenance and other purposes.
Unplanned outages also may occur.
U.S. News shall have no liability for the resulting unavailability of the Website or for any loss of data or transactions caused by planned or unplanned system outages, or any outages of web host providers or the Internet infrastructure and network external to the Website.
==========
Copyright
All materials published on the Website are protected by copyright laws, and may not be reproduced, republished, distributed, transmitted, resold, displayed, broadcast, or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express written permission of either U.S. News or, in the case of content licensed by U.S. News from third parties, the entity that is credited as the copyright holder of such licensed content.
You may download freely accessible material (one copy per page) from this Website for your personal and noncommercial use only, without altering or removing any trademark, copyright, or other notice from such material; you must pay a fee to access that content which requires a fee for access.
In the event you believe that any content posted on the Website infringes your copyright or other intellectual-property rights, you may notify U.S. News by providing the information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Action of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 512, to U.S. News's Copyright Agent:

Attention: Peter Dwoskin, Esq.
U.S. News & World Report L.P. 
450 West 33rd Street, 3rd Floor 
New York, NY 10001 


(t) 212.210.6390 
(f) 212.210.6313 
copyrightagent@usnews.com

User Generated Content
U.S. News, through its forums or otherwise, may provide users an opportunity to transmit or post content, which may include text, videos, photographs, images, sound files and/or other content to the Website (collectively, “User Content”) and may provide for the hosting, sharing and/or publishing of such User Content.
U.S. News does not necessarily endorse, support, sanction, encourage, or agree with User Content and expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with any User Content.
You shall not transmit or post any User Content that: (a) is unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, false, inaccurate, deceptive, misleading, offensive, distasteful, inappropriate, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent, invasive of another’s privacy or harmful to minors in any way; (b) constitutes or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate and local, state, national, or international law; (c) is copyrighted, protected by trade secret, patent, trademark or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to submit or post the material and to grant U.S. News all of the license rights granted herein; (d) refers derisively to the goods or services of others; (e) includes any disruptive elements that may damage or interfere with the Website such as computer viruses, bots, worms, bombs, or Trojan horses; (f) includes advertisements or solicitations of business; (g) impersonates another person; (h) includes any person’s full name or personal or identifying information without that person’s authorization; (i) violates the law or otherwise violates these Terms of Service; or (j) provides a link to any of the above.
In connection with any User Content that you submit, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize U.S. News to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Content to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms and Conditions; (ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Content in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms and Conditions; and (iii) it complies with these Terms and Conditions.
You understand that all User Content is the sole responsibility of the person who transmits or posts that User Content.
This means that you, and not U.S. News, are entirely and solely responsible for all User Content that you transmit or post and for the consequences of U.S. News publishing such User Content.
U.S. News does not and cannot review the User Content transmitted or posted by users and is not responsible for such content.
==========
However, U.S. News shall have the right, but not the obligation, to refuse, delete, move, remove, or edit any User Content that violates these Terms and Conditions or is otherwise objectionable, as determined by U.S. News in its sole discretion and without notice.
Any specific complaints regarding User Content must be directed to legal@usnews.com, and any promise by U.S. News to investigate, delete, remove, or otherwise edit any User Content shall be non-binding unless expressly provided in writing by a Vice President of U.S. News.
You agree to indemnify U.S. News and its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective partners, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives, against, and to hold each of them harmless from, any and all claims and liabilities (including attorney’s fees) that may arise from your use of the Website, your transmission or posting of User Content, your unauthorized use of material obtained from the Website, your breach of these Terms and Conditions, your violation of any law, regulation or any right of any other person or entity, and any unauthorized use of your account or password.
U.S. News reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section.
In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting our defense of such matter.
==========
U.S. News does not claim any ownership rights in the User Content.
By transmitting or posting User Content, you grant to U.S. News the perpetual, non-terminable, worldwide, nonexclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, edit, remove, modify (including the size and aspect ratio of photographs), publish, transmit, display, distribute, have distributed, promote, perform, and prepare derivative works of, all or any potion of such User Content in any form, in any medium now existing or hereinafter invented for any purpose, including commercial uses, including without limitation, in connection with the Website, in connection with U.S. News’s (and our successors’) business, in connection with promoting and redistributing part or all of the Website (and derivative works thereof) without additional notice, approval, consent, compensation or attribution, or in connection with stores featuring the Website or any content on the Website in other news and media websites or other outlets.
You waive any moral rights you may have in the User Content.
You also grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these Terms and Conditions.
Third Party Provider Content Notices
By accessing the Website, including without limitation, any digital service made available by U.S. News, you specifically acknowledge and agree that: (a) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (b) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (c) the Associated Press will not be liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (d) the Associated Press is an intended third party beneficiary of these terms and conditions and it may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (e) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit your use of Associated Press materials or any portion thereof at any time.
==========
Paid Content
Purchasers of paid content are not permitted to share, distribute, sell, or otherwise transfer their password to other individuals.
The password is for the purchaser's sole use.
Significant or unusual use of a single password (including but not limited to significant use of a single password on multiple computers) could result in suspension of that password.
==========
Paid content is protected by copyright laws, and may not be transmitted (whether by e-mail or otherwise), reproduced, republished, distributed, resold, displayed, broadcast, or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express written permission of U.S. News.
Featured Services
U.S. News is committed to providing visitors to its Website with as many features as possible.
The companies that U.S. News selects as featured services providers offer products and services that site visitors may find useful.
U.S. News in certain cases may have a business relationship with certain third parties that it selects as a featured service provider.
U.S. News is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any advice or information given, or of any statement made, by the companies providing featured services, or for the content, services, products, or advertising on or available from their websites, or for the availability and operations of their websites.
==========
Jurisdiction
You agree that any claim, action, or proceeding arising out of these Terms and Conditions, or your use of the Website, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts to be wholly performed therein, and any action based on or alleging a breach of this Agreement must be brought in a state or federal court located in New York county, New York.
In addition, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to your use of the Website only and does not cover information collected by any third party sites to which this Website links, or to any other products or services offered by U.S. News other than on this Website.
This Privacy Policy is part of, and hereby incorporated into, the Website's Terms and Conditions.
You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by either scrolling up to the top of this Web page or by clicking here.
If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions in their entirety, please do not use this Website.
==========
What information does U.S. News collect about me as I use the Website?
U.S. News may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, telephone number, postal address, e-mail address and credit card information so that we can provide you with the products and services you request.
For example, we ask you for your name, e-mail address, and certain other information if you choose to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters or register with our online discussion forums.
==========
U.S. News may also collect your credit card information when you make a purchase, so that we can process your payment for the product or service you are requesting.
During the ordering process, such credit card information is transmitted either to U.S. News or to the particular supplier or service provider who provides the service you are purchasing.
In both cases, credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that use your information to process your order.
==========
U.S. News may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Website, such as your browser configuration, the type of operating system you are using, and information about your Internet service provider.
How does U.S. News use the information supplied by me?
We may use the information you supply to fulfill your requests for products and services, to respond to your inquiries, and to offer other products and services from either us or selected companies which may be of interest to you.
If you decide that you do not wish to receive such communications from U.S. News and others, you may opt-out of receiving further e-mails and other communications by clicking "Unsubscribe" in any email.
==========
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, or information to be posted as a comment), we may publish your name, screen name or such other information you supply.
We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information we collect through our use of cookies, to improve the design, delivery and content of our publications and our Website and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.
We may also use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in the aggregate, to analyze how visitors use our site, as well as to provide you with offers and information about products and services which you have agreed to receive.
In addition, U.S. News may disclose information we maintain (A) if in good faith we believe that such disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Website; or (4) protect the personal safety, property, or rights of our users or the public, or (B) in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale.
How can I change my privacy options?
==========
If, at some point after giving U.S. News your personally identifying information, you do not wish to continue to receive additional information and offers from U.S. News about U.S. News, from U.S. News's affiliates, or from selected outside companies, you may opt out of receiving future emails by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of each e-mail.
If you purchased content appearing at www.usnews.com or otherwise purchased products through the U.S. News Store, you can edit your U.S. News Store profile after you have logged into your account.
What are "cookies" and how does U.S. News use them?
==========
"Cookies" are pieces of information that are placed by the Website in a storage place on your computer.
Cookies do not contain information that is, in itself, personally identifying.
Cookies are placed on your computer in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to calculate unique site visitors, and to track usage throughout our site.
Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for our services that use logins.
==========
In addition, some advertisers may place cookies on your computer.
We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize our Website business, including but not limited to the following companies with whom we share information in order to operate the Website and deliver our service to you:
We use the services of a third party marketing company, Omniture, to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the Website.
To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by this third party marketing company at this Website.
This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see.
==========
You can "opt-out" of our ability to analyze such Omniture data by clicking here: www.omniture.com/privacy/2o7#optout
We also use a third party advertising company, DoubleClick, to deliver ads to you when you visit our Website.
In the course of providing this service, our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser which collects information about your visits to this Website, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information).
If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choice not to have this information used by Doubleclick, please click here: www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.
We have contracted with a third party, ValueClick, Inc., to monitor certain pages of our Website for the purpose of reporting Website traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', and/or other activities on our Website.
Where authorized by us, ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our Website visitors.
==========
No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than U.S. News.
For more information about how the information is collected and used by ValueClick, please see ValueClick's privacy policy at http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml.
Children Under Age 13
No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to U.S. News.
In general, U.S. News does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection.
In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible.
If you believe the Website has collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13, please contact us at webmaster@usnews.com.
==========
