Johns Hopkins is committed to protecting your health information.
Our Notice of Privacy Practices explains how all members of the Johns Hopkins organizations will safeguard your privacy.
For Patients
Johns Hopkins Notice of Privacy Practices
Johns Hopkins Notice of Privacy Practices (available in multiple languages)
Hopkins ElderPlus Program for All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE)
If you wish to contact the applicable Health Information Management (medical records) Department as instructed in the Notice of Privacy Practices:
for Johns Hopkins Hospital: 410-955-5226
for Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center: 410-550-0688
for Howard County General Hospital: 410-740-7953
for Johns Hopkins Community Physicians: 410-338-3480
for Johns Hopkins Home Care Group: 410-288-8174
for Suburban Hospital: 301-896-3777
for Sibley Memorial Hospital: 202-537-4088
for Signature Ob/Gyn: 410-884-8131
CRISP
Our Notice of Privacy Practices identifies that some of our Johns Hopkins health care provider organizations participate in the Chesapeake Regional Information System for our Patients, Inc. (CRISP), an internet-based, health information exchange.
==========
We may share information that we obtain or create about you with other health care providers or other health care entities for treatment, payment and health care operations purposes, as permitted by law, through CRISP.
For example, information about your past medical care and current medical conditions and medications can be available to us or to your non-Johns Hopkins primary care physician or hospital, if they participate in CRISP as well.
Exchange of health information can provide faster access, better coordination of care and assist providers and public health officials in making more informed treatment decisions.
==========
You may opt-out of CRISP and prevent providers from being able to search for your information through the exchange.
Even if you opt-out, a certain amount of your information may be retained by the exchange, and your ordering or referring physicians, if participating in CRISP, may access diagnostic information about you, such as reports of imaging and lab results.
Also, your physicians, if participating in CRISP, still may use CRISP's secure messaging services to discuss your care.
Information from your medical records that we obtain or create about you, as permitted by law, also may be shared through CRISP with your health plan or health insurance company for the sole purposes of enhancing or coordinating your care.
You may "opt-out" and prevent searching for your medical information through CRISP, or prevent the sharing of your information with your health plan or health insurance company, by contacting CRISP at 1-877-952-7477 or completing and submitting an Opt-Out form to CRISP by mail or through their website at www.crisphealth.org.
Not all of the Johns Hopkins organizations participate in CRISP; your Johns Hopkins health care provider can provide information as to whether or not it participates in CRISP.
For Health Plan Members
Johns Hopkins Notice of Privacy Practices of Johns Hopkins Health Plans
==========
