DynAdmic provides advertising services (our “Services”) to a variety of companies.
Our services are primarily focused on helping advertisers to serve relevant ads to the right audience at the right time.
DynAdmic is offering a new targeting concept based on a video content recognition technology that helps identify viewers' interests to serve the right ad to the right person.
(Demo of concept : www.dynadmic.com/howitworks).
==========
We use our never-before-seen contextual/targeting solution to sell tailored & highly-focused branding campaigns to the world's largest brands and agencies.
Our clients are Emirates, Red Bull, Kellogg's, Audi, etc. …
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information we collect and receive about users.
Information we receive and collect
We collect your information when you and others are using browsers and devices when visiting or using websites, apps, and advertisements that use our Services.
We collect some of this information using cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
The information we collect includes, among other things: device type, operating system, unique identifiers, IP address, location, browser type & language, and header information such as URLs and date/time stamps.
We use all of the information we have to improve and provide our advertising, measurement, and reporting Services.
==========
Depending on how you access and use our Services, we may receive information related to :
- your interactions with the websites, apps, and other services you use, the content you view, your clicks or engagement on ads,
- how you access those websites, apps, and other services,
- your browser or operating system,
- your IP address and the website you visited before visiting our Services,
- the type of device you are using (iphone, ...),
- your location, based on your IP address.
We also collect information from third parties, such as our customers and partners, which include advertisers, marketing partners, and service providers related to their use and support of our Services.
The information can include demographic, purchase information and interests, which helps us determine what ads are shown on your browser or device and helps us measure the effectiveness of ads.
The collection and use of that data is governed by the privacy policy and legal terms of the data collector and the website using the data; it is not governed by DynAdmic.
Thanks.
==========
Use of the information we have
We use the information we have to find and match appropriate audiences with appropriate advertisements, and to serve customized ads to your browser or device.
To do this we may use information we have about your activities over time and across different websites, apps, browsers and devices.
We may also decide to show an ad based on the website or app you are using, the video content you are watching, things you may be interested in, or requests from our advertising partners who decide to show ads to a particular audience, sometimes using information they have on file.
We also use the information we have to optimize ad delivery, such as managing the frequency and the order in which the ads are shown.
To be more efficient, we can use the information we collected to associate the browsers and devices you use, so we can provide better and more consistent experiences across browsers and devices and also improve our Services.
We also use the information we have for the following purposes:
- Limiting the number of times you see the same ad,
- Measure the effectiveness of the ads we serve,
- Provide more effective measurements and reporting Services.
If you wish not to be exposed to our specific targeted ads you can opt-out by using the following link.
Please note that you will still receive advertisements, however they will no longer be provided by us, nor will they be targeted by our system.
==========
How is this information shared ?
We work with advertisers and other partners in order to provide and improve our Services.
We share information with these organizations as a part of these efforts.
Here are the types of organizations we can share information with about you, your browser or device:
- Customers or partners.
We may share with advertisers and their partners the information we collect on their websites and apps or in connection with their advertisements.
We share aggregated or other non-personally identifying information with customers and partners that helps them place or understand the performance of ads.
For example, we share non-personally identifiable information with these entities that tells them how many people saw their ad or visited their website or app, the demographics of the audience, and whether an ad served achieved a desired result such as whether people who saw a company's ad clicked on the ad or purchased the advertised product.
We also share aggregated information that is not connected with a particular ad campaign, such as the number of people we have assigned to general interest categories or segments.
- Service providers, vendors and other partners.
We share information that we collect with vendors, service providers, and others that work under our direction to help us support and provide our Services and Websites globally
- Change in control.
If the ownership or control of all or part of our services of their assets changes, we may transfer the information we have to the new owner.
The information shared is always with a unique identifier, not personally identifiable information, such as your name or email address.
==========
How do we store information ?
Information that we receive, including information collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and elsewhere around the world, may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States or any other country globally for the purposes described in this policy.
We typically retain information that we collect through our Services for two years, after which we delete or aggregate the information unless we deem it necessary to retain the information to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation.
Protecting you, ourselves and others
We may use information to detect, prevent, investigate and address fraud and other unauthorized or illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; or otherwise to prevent harm.
Providing and improving Services
We use the information we have to support our services through activities such as infrastructure monitoring and internal maintenance, analyzing how our services are used, research and development, and billing.
Updates to the privacy policy
Since we may update this policy, we recommend that you check the current version available from time to time.
How to contact us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about our Services you can reach us via email, by including “Privacy” in the subject line, at support@dynadmic.com.
==========
