Acceptance

By using and/or visiting atdhe.net (collectively, including all Content available through the atdhe.net domain name, the "atdhe.net Website", or "atdhe.net"), you signify your assent to this terms and conditions.
If you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the atdhe.net Website.
Service Description
The atdhe.net Website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by atdhe.net.
atdhe.net has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites.
In addition, atdhe.net will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site.
By using the Website, you expressly relieve atdhe.net from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the atdhe.net Website and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
atdhe.net aggregates TV program sources and publishes them, replying video streams originated by external websites not related with atdhe.net.
==========
Accordingly, because it is an aggregation of many channels, the TV Brands have many copyright owners.
These copyright owners are: ABC Television, BBC, Bloomberg, CCTV, Comcast Network, ESPN, SKY televisions, and all the other copyright owners listed in the directory but not included above.
atdhe.net has established many links directly to sites operated by third parties who transmit the video streams.
These sites are not operated or maintained by atdhe.net which does NOT contain any streaming media.
Copyright Infrigments

>> Unformal procedure

If you suspect an abuse of copyright due to the trasmission of a certain video stream, please refer to the third party entity which is trasmitting or duplicating such stream.
If you are a channel operator, or a responsable for a television network, and you think that adthe.net website, linking third party sources, may cause loss or damage to a certain company, network or broadcaster, please send an e-mail at admin@atdhe.net, with a complete request of cancellation, and the listing will be erased as soon as possible.
==========
>> Formal procedure

If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content in this website or any user submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may also submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:
(I) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(II) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;

(III) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
(IV) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
(V) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(VI) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
atdhe.net website's designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement can be contacted via email: admin@atdhe.net.
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to atdhe.net support service through
==========
