If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.120 may permit you to “opt out” of the “sale” of your “personal information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA).
Our Privacy Policy describes the limited circumstances in which we may share your information with third parties outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies.
Our Privacy Policy also provides you with certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your information.
Among other rights provided for in our Privacy Policy, you may:
Choose to control targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners; data exchanges; and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance
Choose to limit participation in Nielsen digital measurement research (for non-Panelists)
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Sections 1798.100 and 1798.105 permit you to make requests to access categories and specific pieces of personal information about you, as well as to request to delete personal information about you.
To make such a request, please visit ccpa.disney.com.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
We take great pride in the relationship of trust we have built with our guests over many years and we are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect.
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies do not share guests’ personal information with other member companies or others outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies for those parties’ direct marketing use unless a guest elects that we do so.
==========
For more information about our privacy and data collection policies, you may wish to review our Privacy Policy.
To make such a request, please send an email to caprivacy@twdc.com or write us:
CA Privacy Rights
Disney Interactive Media Group
500 South Buena Vista Street
Mail Code 7667
Burbank, CA 91521-7667
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted.
To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to caprivacy@twdc.com.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
==========
