We take privacy seriously and so should you!
This cookie & privacy policy has been updated on June 8 2018.
What this policy covers:
This policy explains
how the ad serving technology of Platform161 works;
how and which tracking methods are used by Platform 161 to collect data, which data is collected and the purposes for which the tracking methods and the information collected thereby are used;
the choices regarding the acceptance of these tracking methods;
the personal data collected and processed by Platform161;
the choices regarding the use and sharing of personal information by Platform 161.
Details about the ad serving technology
Platform161 offers ad serving technology which enables its clients to engage in online advertising.
Our clients are all kinds of businesses engaged in online advertising: advertisers, ad networks, media agencies, and publishers.
These clients buy online ad space.
When ad space is sold to a client of Platform161, Platform161’s technology fulfils this transaction by delivering the ad of an advertiser (on behalf of the client) on that site.
In practice, you come into contact with Platform161 when you by means of e.g. your computer, tablet or smartphone – view an ad that has been served by Platform161 on a website.
The ads sent by Platform161 are sent from the domain ads.creativeserving.com and/or ads.p161.net.
Platform161’s Technology
Introduction
The ad serving technology offered by Platform161 delivers an ad on a website.
The technology uses information collected from several sources to decide the best and most relevant ad to display to you.
Tracking technologies used, data collected and purposes
This section of the policy describes the technologies used to help deliver the most relevant ad to you:
* Cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are stored within a browser.
Platform 161 drops cookies through every ad it serves for the following purposes:
1.
==========
For Targeting and Optimisation:
(a) to recognize a user ID visiting a website (user matching);
(b) as part of the (targeted) ad serving process;
(c) to collect information about the user’s online interaction (over multiple websites) and use that information to build user profiles;
(d) to maintain a list of ads previously delivered by the technology of Platform161;
(e) to remember the number of times the same ad was delivered to a user;
2.
For Reporting and Attribution:
(f) to collect the number of times a user clicked on an ad served by Platform161 (on behalf of a client) and
(g) to track and assess the number of times a user engages in a business transaction (i.e. makes purchases) on the site of an advertiser.
(h) to determine, count and attribute conversions.
For example: a user clicks on an ad served by Platform161 on a website.
Once on the website the ad links to, the user makes a purchase on that website.
This purchase is counted by means of cookies.
==========
Platform161 uses the following types of cookies:
Next to the data that are being gathered by Platform161 through dropping our own cookies, third party data can also be used to optimize our campaigns.
These third party data come from third party data providers that live up to current law and industry standards.
Platform161’s cookies will be stored for 13 months after being dropped on a device.
* Ad tags.
Platform161’s technology responds to requests from ‘ad tags’ placed on the website you are visiting.
Ad tags provide Platform161 with information and enable Platform161 to determine the correct size and location of an ad.
==========
* Pixel tags.
Platform161 also uses pixel tags (also known as javascript or 1×1 pixels) to drop cookies.
A pixel tag is a tiny graphic or script placed on a website that is not visible to the user.
==========
These pixel tags communicate with the technology of Platform161 and enable Platform161 to recognize a user by means of its UUID, or in the event that no UUID has been assigned to a user, to drop a cookie on the user’s equipment and assign a UUID to the user.
The use of pixel tags allows Platform161 to measure campaign effectiveness, to optimize campaign performance and to provide more relevant advertising.
Pixel tags furthermore allow Platform161 to create and identify consumer segments and to select the appropriate ad based on the consumer segment.
Transparency, Choice and Opt-In:
Platform161’s technology uses cookies for ad selection in order to enhance ad effectiveness.
Platform161 believes that the tracking technologies used by Platform161 and described above enhance your web experience by limiting the repetitiveness of advertising and increasing the level of relevant ads delivered to you.
==========
However, you may not want, for example, cookies to be stored on your equipment or information to be collected by using these cookies.
We will therefore only drop a cookie on your computer if you have consented or opted-in for this.
We also provide you with the possibility to no longer accept Platform161’s cookies.
To enable our cookies please click ‘opt-out’.
To opt-out or opt-in, please click on the corresponding link below:
Opt-out →
Opt-in →
Data Controller, Data Collected, Purpose:
Besides the data collected when a cookie is dropped, the Platform161 technology also collects the following possible personal data: such as the date and time of ad delivery to a user, the IP-address, postal code, region and country of a user, language setting, the type of browser, operating system used and connection speed, status of a user (unknown, accepting or not accepting cookies), the web page address(es) where the ad has been delivered, and administered clicks on ads.
This information helps our technology to decide the best and most relevant ad to display to a user.
Platform161’s technology collects and stores aggregated ad delivery reporting data.
This data is used to provide our clients with campaign reporting and used for billing purposes.
A typical report includes information about the ads delivered, including the date and time of ad delivery, the websites on which the ads were shown, and statistics on user response.
A report also includes statistics about browser types, date and time of ad delivery, and inferred geography.
Finally, the information collected (by means of cookies and/or other tracking methods) is processed for internal purposes only: i.e. to possibly build user profiles that enable Platform161 to optimize and personalize advertiser campaigns.
==========
To the extent that the data referred to above constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Dutch Data Protection Act, Platform161 will act as a data controller within the meaning of the Dutch Data Protection Act with respect to the processing of such data.
3rd party syncing:
Platform161 performs cookie syncing (aka: user synching, user matching or cookie matching) which is one of the generic methods used in the online advertising space to recognize user IDs across technology vendors like DSP’s, SSP’s and DMP’s.
In some countries, Platform161 clients are obliged by regulation to inform users about the cookies on their site and the data that is collected, with which means and with what purpose.
==========
When working with Platform161, it is only necessary to inform and get approval for Platform161 technology.
In approving usage of Platform161 technology, a user also approves any other technology that is used in the Platform161 space that is needed to perform their technical operations.
Still, it is advised to mention in the privacy policy or ad notice that other technologies’ cookies are potentially used through Platform161.
You can refer to this Privacy page to give users the possibility to see which technologies are used.
==========
Exchange Type of cookie Purpose of cookie Persistance
adaptv user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adconductor user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adform user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adlantic user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
admatic user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
admedia user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
admeta user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
admixer user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
admized user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adscale user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adspruce user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adsupply user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adthink user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
adunity user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
aerserv user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
ancora user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
aol user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
appnexus user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
avocarrot user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
beachfront user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
between user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
brightroll exchange user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
broadsign user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
centro user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
converge user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
coull user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
cox digital user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
falktech user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
federated media user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
fidelity user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
google adx user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
gumgum user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
ibillboard user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
improve digital user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
inneractive user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
kiosked user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
ligatus user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
liveintent user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
lupon user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
mads user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
mobfox user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
monarch user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
mopub user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
nativeads user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
nexage user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
openx user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
opera user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
optimatic user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
personagraph user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
pubmatic user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
pulsepoint user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
rubicon user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
smaato user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
smartadserver user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
sonobi user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
sortable user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
spotx user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
stickyads user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
switchconcepts user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
teads user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
tremor user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
vdopia user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
vi user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
vmg user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
wordpress user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
yahoo exchange user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
yieldlab user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
yieldpartners user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
yume user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
zedo user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Data Provider / Data Exchange user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
bleukai user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
semasio user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
neustar user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
onmarc user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Brain user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Cxense user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Exactag user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Krux user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Meetrcis user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Netscales user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Neuralone user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Neustar user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
O2mc user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Onmarc user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Proximic user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Rubicon user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Semasio user ID cookie behavioral targeting 13 months (or deletion after 30 days of inactivity)
Information Sharing and Disclosure:
Platform161 may provide copies of log files to advertisers, clients and certain partners relating to the specific transactions they are a party to.
These files contain information that allows clients to analyse the effectiveness and performance of their advertising campaign.
Our clients also have the ability to use any or all of the information collected in connection with our services for their own purposes.
The information provided to our clients does not contain personally identifiable information about you.
==========
In cases where Platform161 provides information to our clients, our clients are obliged to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Platform161 may share the information it collects with selected partners, vendors, agents or others who work on our behalf, in order to provide products or services you have requested, or when we have your permission.
Platform161 may share information about you if Platform161 is acquired by or merged with another company.
Platform161 may also share information in the event that we are asked to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or as otherwise permitted by law.
==========
Security measures:
Platform161 maintains safeguards to protect the security, integrity and privacy of the personally identifiable information in our control.
Platform161 safeguards ensure that personally identifiable information is protected against loss and unlawful processing.
They also aim at preventing unnecessary processing.
==========
Seals of Approval:
ePrivacy seal
The ePrivacy seal of approval confirms compliance with their criteria catalogue, which includes the high standards of the German data protection law.
Privacy is in Germany an expression of the most important principle of the Constitution – the fundamental right to protect the own personality.
BVDW Mitglied seal
The BVDW has an interdisciplinary foundation and thus has a holistic overview of the issues facing the digital economy.
BVDW is engaged in continuous dialogue with politicians, the media and other interest groups, and supports the dynamic development of the sector in a results-oriented, practical and effective way.
EDAA OBA Certification
We fully comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the EDAA.
==========
If you want to read more about the program please visit youronlinechoices.eu.
Updates & Questions:
Platform161 may update this policy from time to time.
Please check this Cookie & Privacy Policy for updates.
If you have any questions about our Cookie & Privacy Policy or would like to obtain more information about the data we process about you, please contact us:
Platform161
Attention: Privacy Questions
Email us: privacy@platform161.com 
Johan Huizingalaan 763a 4th floor | 1066 VH | Amsterdam | The Netherlands | www.platform161.com
==========
