4.
Ads on CanvaWe partner with third party ad servers, ad networks and social media platforms (like Facebook, Google, LiveRamp and Appsflyer) to deliver personalized advertisements (“ads”) on our Services and other sites that may be of interest to you and/or to measure their effectiveness.
Canva may share certain information with our third party advertising partners, such as your email address, location, cookie information and information relating to your use of our Services, and allow partners to perform a match of your information against information from other third party networks or sites to serve ads either on the Service or on third party sites (including, but not limited to Facebook, Google and Samsung televisions) and to measure the effectiveness of these ads.
==========
You can opt out of having your email matched by Liveramp here or by emailing privacy@canva.com.
In addition, these third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, these personalized ads and ad links, and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so.
They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs, see above) to compile information about your browser’s or device’s visits and usage patterns on the Service, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content.
Please see our Cookies Policy for more information about how we and our third party partners use cookies and other technologies to deliver ads to you.
Canva does not sell, rent, or share the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties’ own marketing purposes.Please note that an advertiser may ask Canva to show an ad to a certain audience of Users (e.g., based on demographics or other interests).
In that situation, Canva determines the target audience and Canva serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser.
If you respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.The Canva Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers.
Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information.Canva for Education: Please note that this section 4 does not apply to Canva for Education users – we do not serve advertising to Canva for Education users.
==========
