This section provides specific information for California residents, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) as well as other jurisdictions and regulations that allow for individual privacy rights such as the European Economic Area, including the United Kingdom, and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Explanation of Individual Rights
Right to a Copy/Access or Portability: You may have the right to request, free of charge, a copy of the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you in a readily useable format that allows you to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.
Right to Know: You may have the right to request, free of charge, that we provide certain information about how we have handled your Personal Information, including the categories of Personal Information collected; categories of sources of Personal Information; business and/or commercial purposes for collecting your Personal Information; categories of third parties/with whom we have shared your Personal Information; and whether we sell any categories of Personal Information to third parties (however, we do not sell your Personal Information).
Right to Deletion: You may have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information that we have collected, subject to certain exemptions.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion).
We may also retain residual information, such as records to document that your request has been fulfilled.
==========
Right to Non-Discrimination: You may have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment on the basis of exercising your privacy rights under applicable law.
Right to Correct/Rectify: You may have the right to rectify any incorrect Personal Information we may hold about you.
Right to Object/Restrict: You may have the right to object to a specific use of your Personal Information as it is laid out in this Privacy Policy subject to our legitimate business interests.
==========
Submitting a Request
Where applicable law allows for such a right, if you would like to request to access, correct, object to the use, restrict or delete Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), you may submit a request through the MINDBODY Services themselves or contact us at privacy@mindbodyonline.com with a subject line "Data Subject Request".
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
If you are an End User you may, depending on the MINDBODY Service utilized, be able to access, correct or request deletion of Personal Information that you have previously provided to us through your online customer account.
These Data Subject Requests and other rights, including objection, restriction and portability (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), can also be made directly to the relevant Subscriber.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
Where applicable law allows for an authorized agent to submit such a request, please contact us at privacy@mindbodyonline.com with a subject line "Data Subject Request – Agent Request" and someone will be in touch with the agent and the End User to verify the request.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
==========
Moreover, where you are an End User, MINDBODY may need to forward your request and refer you to your Subscriber who may be better placed to address your request.
If you are under 18 years of age and a user of the MINDBODY Services, you may also be entitled to ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the MINDBODY Service by submitting a request to support@mindbodyonline.com.
Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information if doing so infringes on the rights of another user.
If you are an End User of one of our Subscribers and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Subscribers, or would like request the exercise of a right as set out above in relation to Personal Information held by a Subscriber, please contact the Subscriber directly.
==========
