When you take a cruise with us, register to take a cruise with us, set up an account with us through one of our websites, ask for information about our Company, visit one of our websites, apply for employment with us or access our Services through various other methods, we collect data about you and your visit.
Data we collect directly from you or other sources
We collect the following categories of data either directly from you or from our business partners and third parties:

Personal details (e.g., name, salutation, title, date of birth, place of birth and gender)
Contact details (e.g., email address, telephone number, mobile number, address and emergency contact information)
Health details, where applicable
Travel / vacation preference details (e.g., flight number, hotel booking, cabin number, special occasion dates, special accommodations, loyalty program information and dietary preferences)
Government-issued documents (e.g., passports, alien resident cards, visas, residency permits, social security numbers, driver’s licenses and redress numbers) 
Details regarding our websites and applications (e.g., usernames, passwords, security answers and geolocation information)
Financial details (e.g., credit card information, transactional history, amount paid for Services, bank information, income and business information)
Information available via public records
Employment application details (e.g., name, employment history, telephone number, address, email address, education history, military service and immigration status)

Data collected when you create an account with us may include data about yourself and those traveling with you.
By providing us with personal data of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and have provided them with the information set out in this privacy policy.
==========
We operate closed circuit television (“CCTV”) cameras on our ships, including at all access points and throughout public areas.
These CCTV cameras record continually and images of you may appear in these recordings.
Data we collect automatically
When you access our websites or otherwise receive Services we automatically collect some categories of data from you, including data collected using cookies and other device identifying technologies (“Cookies and Tracking Technologies”).
Further information about our use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies is available in our Cookies Policy.
==========
Special categories of personal data
Some of the categories of data that we collect in connection with provision of our Services may constitute special categories of personal data (also known as sensitive personal data).
In particular, we may collect personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious, philosophical, or political beliefs, sexual orientation, or data concerning health, such as medical history or dietary restrictions, if in connection with our provision of Services.
We only collect this information when you choose to provide this to us or to a service provider such as a travel agent.
We only use this information to provide a service you request, such as medical care on board one of our cruises or special dietary accommodations.
If, while traveling with us, you allege a personal injury or submit a claim after alleging a personal injury, we may collect personal data concerning the alleged incident, including healthcare information.
==========
