Privacy Policy 
HIRO Media Ltd. (“HIRO“, “We” or “Us“) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“Users” or “You“).
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy“) has been created to inform you about how we manage, collect, store and use the information you provide in connection with our application, services and/or website (collectively, the “Services“).
HIRO is an online video ecosystem that uses its propriety technology to improve the performance of all of its ecosystem players – advertisers, publishers and content owners.
HIRO’s technology makes it easy and effective to serve up the right ad, at the right moment, to the right viewer, for rich results.
HIRO’s programmatic distribution and monetization facilitates one of the fastest prediction-based real-time bidding (RTB) processes in the market, and this translates into practically unlimited scale.
Combined with latency-based optimization, quick loading-time for video-players, a unique cloud-based architecture, and our real-time big data optimization, HIRO’s technology is maximizing ad opportunities unlike anything else.
==========
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information collected by us through your use of the Services.
We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means information about you that is personally identifiable to you, such as your name, address, email address, phone numbers, or credit card number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing.
“Anonymous Information” means information that cannot identify a particular person.
Part I describes our data practices with respect to information collected by us about user’s interaction with our Ad-Serving services, while Part II of this Privacy Policy describes our data practices with respect to information we collect about our customers and other visitors to the Website (“Customers”).
The general provisions in Part III apply to our data practices in both Part I and Part II.
==========
Part I
Ad-serving information
This part describes HIRO’s use of Personal Information and Anonymous Information that we collect in connection with the HIRO’s online Ad-Serving services.
As used in this Part I, “you” and “your” refer to individuals who visit websites that use HIRO’s online Ad-Serving services (directly or indirectly).
COLLECTION AND USE OF AD-SERVING INFORMATION
HIRO uses cookies to help manage ad delivery and frequency.
The cookies are placed on HIRO-Owned domain only.
==========
HIRO does not collect or store any personal identification or sensitive information, such as your name, address, phone number, address, financial account information, social security numbers, or health information.
The video ads served may include instrumentation tags that enable HIRO to collect information about a person’s interaction with the ad for use in billing and analytical purposes.
Each time one of HIRO’s servers receives a request for a video advertisement, Anonymous Information about the request is recorded for example, the date and time, the geographic location of the browser (based on IP address), the website and page to which the ad or image was delivered, any associated search terms, the HIRO Cookie ID, and the browser operating system.
This information is used for reporting, analytical, modeling and targeting purposes, and also to better manage ad campaigns and the user experience, for example, to manage the number of times a particular user is exposed to the same advertisement.
==========
We may also use the collected information to enforce our Terms of Use available at (“http://www.hiro-media.com/terms”).
Part II
Customer-Provided Information
This Part I describes HIRO’s use of Personal Information and Anonymous Information that we collect when you or your representative use our Services.
By visiting the HIRO website, located at http://www.hiro-media.com (the “Website”), and/or using our service (the Website and services we offer are collectively referred to as the “Services”), you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
As used in this Part II, “you” and “your” refer to the employees and contractors of HIRO’s Customers.
COLLECTION OF CUSTOMER-PROVIDED INFORMATION
The individuals who represent HIRO’s Customers or potential Customers (“Business Contacts”) may voluntarily provide their contact information and related data, including Personal Information, to HIRO by various means, including telephone, email, postal mail, or other means.
The Personal Information submitted to HIRO is used to communicate with and provide services for Customers.
HIRO corrects or updates Personal Information when requested to do so by the applicable Business Contact.
When a Business Contact accesses reports through HIRO’s servers, or otherwise uses the HIRO platform, certain information may also be collected passively, including your Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, and operation system.
USE OF CUSTOMER-PROVIDED INFORMATION
In general, we use your informatio to fulfill your specific requests, and to send you other account-related information.
==========
We use the information collected via this website for business purposes, such as marketing, recruiting and hiring, responding to general inquiries or customer support requests, and in the course of providing services to customers.
We retain the customer-provided information collected via the website indefinitely, unless otherwise specified, or until we delete the information pursuant to a request from the subject of the information as mentioned in the “Changing or Deleting Your Information” section below.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
If you would like us to delete your records in our system, please contact us at usacontact@hiro-media.com and we will attempt to accomodate your request (except to the extent legally obligated to retain certain records).
If you have granted us access to your Account Information through a Service, you may request that we delete your Account Information by contacting us at usacontact@hiro-media.com
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that we may be required to disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the belief that such disclosre is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including, but not limited to a subpoena, statute, search warrant, or court order, or to protect our, or a third party’s, property and rights, to protect the safety of the public we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of the Services or to protect our operations or users.
==========
Additionally, we may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy
Part III

General Provisions
As used in this Part III, “you” and “your” refer to both HIRO’s Customers and individuals who visit websites using HIRO’s online Ad-Serving services (directly or indirectly).
Third Party Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Services or any portion thereof, to provide the Services or any portion thereof on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services) or to assist us in analyzing how the Services are used.
Browser Use
Note that in the ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies.
We have no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommend that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.
==========
Cookies and Opt-Out of HIRO Ad-Serving Cookie
Like many websites, we may use “cookies” to collect information.
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes.
Cookies may be sent to a user’s computer or a mobile device when such user accesses or views a Service.
==========
Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Services easier to use.
Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies on your computer or mobile device.
Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web browser’s options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Note however, that if you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions or functionalities of the Services.
.
You can chose to opt-out of the HIRO cookies by selecting the “opt-out” option below:
http://www.hiro-media.com/cookie-opt-out
When you select this option, HIRO sets a persistent “opt-out-cookie” to prevent information from being uniquely associated with your browser.
When you accept this opt-out cookie, HIRO will know that you have opted-out and will make no attempt to assign other cookies in the future, or to store additional information about your browser
If you erase your browser’s cookies, you may need to perform this process again.
==========
Links
The Services may contain links to other websites or applications.
The fact that the Services link to a website or application or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that we endorse or authorize that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party.
If you click on a link to a third party website or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave our website which you are visiting or application you are running and will go to the website or application linked to.
These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal information from you.
Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them.
Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as us.
You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal information.
Security
We have made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure.
However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Contact Us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other issue regarding HIRO or the Services please contact us at: usacontact@hiro-media.com.
Last update: May 1, 2016
All rights reserved, HIRO Media Ltd
==========
