Narvii Terms of Service
Welcome to Narvii!
Condiciones del servicio en Español
1.
General
1.1    Please read carefully the following terms and conditions ("Terms").
These Terms govern your access to Narvii Inc.'s ("Narvii", "We", "Our") mobile device software applications (the "Narvii Software"), Web site, web widgets, and any other mobile or web services or applications owned, controlled, or offered by Narvii (collectively, the "Narvii Services" "Narvii Service(s)", "Narvii Platform" ) and constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Narvii.
1.2    Certain areas of the Site and Application (and your access to or use of certain Services or Site Content) may have different terms and conditions posted or may require you to agree with and accept additional terms and conditions.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions posted for a specific area of the Site, Application, Services, Site Content, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your use of or access to that area of the Site, Application, Services or Site Content.
1.3    You acknowledge and agree that, by accessing, viewing or using the site, application or services or by posting any member content on the site, application or through the services, you are indicating that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these terms, whether or not you have registered with the site and application.
If you do not agree to these terms, then you have no right to access or use the site, application, services or site content.
If you accept or agree to these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms and, in such event, "you" and "your" will refer and apply to that company or other legal entity.
2.
==========
Key Terms
2.1    "Content" means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, information or other materials.
2.2    "Narvii Content" means all Content that Narvii makes available through the Site, Application or Narvii Services, including any Content licensed from a third party, but excluding Member Content.
2.3    "Member" or "User" means a person that completes Narvii's account registration process, as described under "Account Registration" below.
Additionally it refers to a person who downloads and views Narvii Content.
==========
2.4    "Member content" or "user content" means all content that a Member posts, uploads, publishes, submits or transmits to be made available through the Narvii Services.
2.5    "Site Content" means Member Content and Narvii Content.
3.
==========
Modification
3.1    We may revise these terms and conditions without prior notice from time to time by updating them on the Narvii mobile applications and or the website.
The revised terms and conditions will take effect when they are posted.
If the terms and conditions as so revised are unacceptable to you, you must stop using the Narvii website and mobile phone application.
4.
==========
Disclaimer About Location Data
4.1    Narvii Services are intended only as personal, location-based services for individual use and should not be used or relied on as an emergency locator system, used while driving or operating vehicles, or used in connection with any hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, or any other application in which the failure or inaccuracy of that application or the Narvii Services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or property damage.
4.2    Narvii is not suited or intended for family finding purposes, fleet tracking, or any other type of business or enterprise use - other product exist today that may be used specifically for these purposes.
5.
==========
Conditions of Acceptable Use
5.1    All content that is posted on the Narvii platform is made publicly available online.
As such, by uploading user content onto the Narvii platform you acknowledge that all of this content will be made publicly available (including but not limited to your display name, display picture (or avatar), comments, blogs, updates, "likes" relating to a place or user content, videos and images.
5.2    In using the Narvii Services you must not: 
5.2.1    Violate any applicable laws; 
5.2.2    Impersonate any person; 
5.3    Post any material or content that: 
5.3.1    Infringes the intellectual property rights of any third party or post any material or content that you do not have the right to post; 
5.3.2    Is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, misleading, invasive of another's privacy, harassing, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable to any other person or entity; 
5.3.3    Contains any unsanctioned advertising, promotional materials, or any other forms of unsanctioned solicitation, including without limitation junk mail, spam, chain letters or any unsolicited mass distribution of email; 
5.3.4    Distribute viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of any computer or mobile device's hardware or software;
5.3.5    Collect or store personal data about other Narvii users;
5.3.6    Engage in any other conduct that inhibits any other person from using or enjoying Narvii Services or 
5.3.7    Conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to the Narvii Services.
6.
==========
Member Content
6.1    We may, in our sole discretion, permit Members to post, upload, publish, submit or transmit Member Content.
6.2    By making available any Member Content through the Site, Application or Services, you hereby grant to Narvii a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, adapt, modify, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast, access, view, and otherwise exploit such Member Content only on, through or by means of the Site, Application or Services.
6.3    Narvii does not claim any ownership rights in any such Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit any such Member Content.
6.4    You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available through the Site, Application and Services.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: 
6.4.1    You either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available through the Site, Application and Services or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Narvii the rights in such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms;
6.4.2    Neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Narviis' use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) on, through or by means of the Site, Application and the Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
==========
6.5    You understand that when using the Narvii Services you will be exposed to Member Content from a variety of sources, and that Narvii is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Member Content.
You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Member Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable.
6.6    Narvii assumes no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from Member Content.
6.7    Narvii assumes no responsibility for actively monitoring Member Content for inappropriate content.
==========
6.8    If at any time Narvii chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor Member Content, Narvii nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content of the Member Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Member Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the User submitting Member Content.
6.9    Further, Narvii does not endorse and has no control over the content of Member Content submitted by other Users.
6.10    Narvii makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content of Member Content or the accuracy and reliability of any Member Content.
Nonetheless, Narvii reserves the right to prevent you from submitting Member Content and to edit, restrict or remove Member Content for any reason at any time.
6.11    Member Content is owned by the User who submitted them, subject to Narvii's license to such Member Content under this Agreement.
Member Content can not be shared, displayed or duplicated by any other party other than the submitted User, except as permitted under this Agreement.
==========
6.12    If you provide Narvii any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site or Services ("Feedback"), you hereby assign to Narvii all rights in the Feedback and agree that Narvii shall have the right to use such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate.
6.13    Narvii will treat any Feedback you provide to Narvii as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
6.14    You agree that you will not submit to Narvii any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
7.
==========
Warranty Disclaimer
7.1    The Narvii service is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied.
Narvii excludes all representations and warranties to the full extent permissible under applicable law.
7.2    Narvii makes no representations or warranties in relation to the Narvii Services or the content, information and materials on the Narvii platform.
==========
7.3    Narvii does not warrant that the Narvii platform will be constantly available or available at all.
7.4    Narvii does not warrant that the content on the Narvii platform is complete, true, accurate, non-misleading, non-infringing, legal or decent.
7.5    You use the Narvii platform at your risk.
==========
You must evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use of any material or content, including reliance on the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any material or content.
7.6    Narvii does not guarantee that your requirements will be met or that any content will be uninterrupted, error free or that the Narvii platform or the server that operates the Narvii platform is free of viruses or other harmful components.
7.7    Narvii assumes no liability or responsibility for any:
7.7.1    Errors, Mistakes, or inaccuracies of content,
7.7.2    Personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Narvii platform
7.7.3    Any unauthorized access to or use of Narvii servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein,
7.7.4    Any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Narvii platform, 
7.7.5    Any Bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted, posted, emailed, or otherwise made available via the Narvii platform.
7.8    Narvii does not warrent, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered through the Narvii platform and Narvii will not be a party to or in an way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.
8.
==========
Account Registration
8.1    You may be required to register with Narvii in order to make use of certain features of the Narvii Services.
8.2    Where you are required to register: 
8.2.1    You must provide us with accurate, complete and current registration information;
8.2.2    You must safeguard any user name and password which we provide to you; 
8.2.3    You authorize us to assume that any person using Narvii Services with your user name and/or password is either you or is authorized to act for you; 
8.2.4    Where your user name and/or password is specific to you, you must not allow anyone else to use your user name and/or password; 
8.2.5    You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your user name and/or password or any breach of security of which you become aware; 
8.2.6    You may cancel your registration at any time by notifying us; and 8.1.7 We reserve the right to discontinue or cancel your registration in our sole and absolute discretion without notice to you if you do not use Narvii Services for an extended period of time, if you breach any of these terms and conditions or any applicable law, if we conclude that your conduct impacts on our name or reputation or violates our rights or those of another party, or as we otherwise think fit.
8.3    If you chose to cancel your account or if your account is otherwise terminated by us, all of your user content may remain on the Narvii Services even after your account has been cancelled.
9.
==========
Third-Party Sites, Products and Services; Links 
9.1    The Narvii Services may include links to other web sites or services solely as a convenience to Users.
Narvii does not endorse any such linked sites or the information, material, products or services contained on other linked sites or accessible through other linked sites.
9.2    Furthermore, Narvii makes no express or implied warranties with regard to the information, material, products or services that are contained on or accessible through linked sites.
9.3    Access and use of linked sites, including information, material, products and services on linked sites or available through linked sites is solely at your own risk.
9.4    Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Narvii Services are solely between you and such advertiser.
9.5    You agree that Narvii shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Narvii Services.
9.6    Parties other than Narvii may provide services or sell products via the Narvii Services.
==========
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or the content of their product and service offerings.
Narvii does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties.
You should carefully review their privacy statements and other terms and conditions of use.
10.
==========
End User Licenses
10.1    Mobile Device.
To use the Narvii Mobile Services you must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Narvii Services.
Narvii does not warrant that the Narvii Services will be compatible with your mobile device.
10.2    License Grant.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Narvii hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to (i) use a compiled code copy of the Narvii Software for one Narvii Services account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal, noncommercial use and (ii) use the Narvii Services (other than the Narvii Software) for your personal, noncommercial use.
10.3    Restrictions.
You may not: 
10.3.1    Modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Narvii Software, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; 
10.3.2    Rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Narvii Software to any third party or use the Narvii Software to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party;
10.3.3    Make any copies of the Narvii Software;
10.3.4    Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Narvii Software, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Narvii Software, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Narvii Software; or
10.3.5    Delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Narvii Software.
==========
10.4    Software Upgrades.
You acknowledge that Narvii may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Narvii Software, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Narvii Software that you are using on your mobile device.
You consent to such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades.
You agree that Narvii will not be liable to you for any such modifications.
==========
10.5    Open Source.
With respect to any open source or third-party code that may be incorporated in the Narvii Software, such open source code is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code.
Nothing in this Agreement limits your rights under, or grants you rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for such open source software.
In particular, nothing in this Agreement restricts your right to copy, modify, and distribute such open source software that is subject to the terms of the GNU General Public License.
==========
10.6    Rights Reserved.
The foregoing license grant under this Agreement is not a sale of the Narvii Software or any copy thereof and Narvii or its third party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Narvii Software (and any copy thereof).
Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void.
Narvii reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement.
==========
10.7    Trademarks, Service Marks and Logos.
The name of this web site is a service mark of Narvii.
No use of this mark shall be permitted except through the prior written authorization and permission of Narvii.
All rights reserved.
==========
10.8    Export Control.
The Narvii Software originates in the United States, and is subject to United States export laws and regulations.
The Narvii Software may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States.
In addition, the Narvii Software may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries.
You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Narvii Software and the Narvii Services.
==========
10.9    App Stores.
You acknowledge and agree that the availability of the Narvii Software is dependent on the third party from which you received the Narvii Software, e.g., Apple app store (each, an "App Store").
You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Narvii and not with the App Store.
==========
Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which you must agree before downloading the Narvii Software from it.
You agree to comply with, and your license to use the Narvii Software is conditioned upon your compliance with, all applicable terms and conditions of the applicable App Store.
11.
==========
Violations; Termination
11.1    You agree that Narvii, in the good faith belief that you have violated any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, may terminate any account you have with the Narvii Services or your use of the Narvii Services or any portion thereof and remove and discard all or any part of your account or any User Submission, at any time.
11.2    You agree that any termination of your access to the Narvii Services or any account you may have or portion thereof may be effected without prior notice, and you agree that Narvii will not be liable to you or any third-party for any such termination.
11.3    Narvii does not permit copyright infringing activities on the Narvii Services, and reserves the right to terminate access to the Narvii Services, and remove all content submitted, by any persons who are found to be repeat infringers.
11.4    Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of the Services may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Narvii may have at law or in equity.
12.
==========
Limitation of Liability and Damages
12.1    You acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances, including negligence, will Narvii (or its affiliates, contractors, employees, agents, or third-party partners or suppliers) be liable to you for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive, reliance, consequential, or exemplary damages related to or resulting from: 
12.1.1    The use, disclosure, display, or maintenance of your location information;
12.1.2    Your use or inability to use the Narvii services; 
12.1.3    The Narvii services generally (including the Narvii software) or systems that make the Narvii services available; or 
12.1.4    Any other interactions with Narvii or any other user of the Narvii services, even if Narvii or a Narvii authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
You agree that the limitations of liability set forth in this section will survive any termination or expiration of this agreement and will apply even if any limited remedy specified herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
12.2    In no event shall Narvii's (or its affiliates, contractors, employees, agents, suppliers, or third-party partners or suppliers) total liability to you for all damages and losses.
12.3    Applicable law in your state may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
In such cases, you agree that Narvii's liability will be limited to the extent permitted by applicable law in your state.
Benefit of the Bargain 
13.1    You acknowledge and agree that Narvii has offered the Narvii services, set its prices, and entered into this agreement in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth above.
You further acknowledge and agree that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth in this agreement reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between you and Narvii, and that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth in this agreement form an essential basis of the bargain between you and Narvii.
Narvii would not be able to provide the Narvii services to you on an economically reasonable basis without these limitations and disclaimers.
14.
==========
Narvii Application from iTunes
14.1    The following applies to any Application accessed through or downloaded from the Apple iTunes Store ("iTunes Sourced App"):
14.1.1    You acknowledge and agree that (i) these Terms are concluded between you and Narvii only, and not Apple, and (ii) Narvii, not Apple, is solely responsible for the iTunes Store Sourced App and content thereof.
Your use of the iTunes Store Sourced App must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
14.1.2    You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support Application with respect to the iTunes Store Sourced App.
==========
14.1.3    In the event of any failure of the iTunes Store Sourced App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if applicable, for the iTunes Store Sourced App to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the iTunes Store Sourced App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Narvii.
14.1.4    You and Narvii acknowledge that, as between Narvii and Apple, Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the iTunes Store Sourced App or your possession and use of the iTunes Store Sourced App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the iTunes Store Sourced App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
14.1.5    You and Narvii acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the iTunes Store Sourced App or your possession and use of that iTunes Store Sourced App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, as between Narvii and Apple, Narvii, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms.
14.1.6    You and Narvii acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms as related to your license of the iTunes Store Sourced App, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to your license of the iTunes Store Sourced App against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
14.2    Without limiting any other terms of these Terms, you must comply with all applicable third party terms of agreement when using the iTunes Store Sourced App.
14.3  If your use of the Narvii service is accomplished through an iPhone, iPod touch or iPad, you acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for the contests organized though this service.
15.
==========
Proprietary Rights Notices
15.1    All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of Narvii used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Narvii.
Any other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective parties.
16.
==========
Controlling Law and Jurisdiction
16.1    These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of Massachusetts without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any action with respect to the subject matter of these Terms will be the state and federal courts located in the North East and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
17.
==========
Entire Agreement
17.1    These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Narvii and you regarding the Site, Application, Services, Site Content, and Member Content and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Narvii and you regarding the Site, Application, Services and Content.
In addition to these terms, you are subject to each Narvii App's Community Guidelines which can be found within each individual application.
18.
==========
Assignment
18.1    You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Narvii's prior written consent.
Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and of no effect.
Narvii may assign or transfer these Terms, at its sole discretion, without restriction.
Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
19.
==========
Notices
19.1    Any notices or other communications permitted or required hereunder, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be in writing and given by Narvii (i) via email (in each case to the address that you provide) or (ii) by posting to the Site or via the Application.
For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
20.
==========
General
20.1    The failure of Narvii to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision.
The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Narvii.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
21.
==========
Contacting Narvii
21.1    If you have any questions about these Terms or any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Application, please contact us legal@Narvii.com
22.
Effective Date, November 1, 2011
I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE


Condiciones del servicio en Español
¡Bienvenido a Narvii!
1.
==========
General
1.1	Le rogamos que lea atentamente los siguientes términos y condiciones ("Condiciones").
Estas Condiciones gobiernan su acceso a las aplicaciones de software para dispositivos móviles (el “Software Narvii”) de Narvii Inc. ("Narvii", "Nosotros", "Nuestro", “Nuestros”), así como el Sitio web, los widgets en línea y cualquier otro servicio o aplicación, móvil o en línea, bajo la propiedad de Narvii, o bien controlado u ofrecido por Narvii (colectivamente denominados los “Servicios de Narvii”, “Servicio(s) de Narvii”, “Plataforma de Narvii”) y representan un acuerdo legal vinculante entre usted y Narvii.
1.2 	Ciertas áreas del Sitio y la Aplicación (así como su acceso y utilización de ciertos Servicios o Contenidos del Sitio) podrán tener publicados términos y condiciones diferentes a estos o requerir que usted manifieste su acuerdo y aceptación con términos y condiciones adicionales.
Si llegara a darse un conflicto entre estas Condiciones y los términos y condiciones publicados para un área específica del Sitio, la Aplicación, los Servicios, los Contenidos del Sitio, los términos y condiciones nombrados en último término prevalecerán en lo que hace a su acceso y utilización de dicha área del Sitio, la Aplicación, los Servicios o los Contenidos del Sitio.
1.3	Usted manifiesta su aceptación y acuerdo con el hecho de que, al acceder, ver o utilizar el sitio, la aplicación o los servicios o al publicar cualquier contenido de miembro en el sitio, la aplicación o a través de los servicios, usted está indicando haber leído, entendido y manifestado su acuerdo con adherirse a estas condiciones, sea que usted sea haya registrado en el sitio y la aplicación o que no lo haya hecho.
En el caso de que usted no esté de acuerdo con estas condiciones, no tiene derecho a acceder o utilizar el sitio, la aplicación, los servicios ni los contenidos del sitio.
Si usted manifiesta su aceptación o acuerdo con estas Condiciones en nombre de una empresa u otra entidad legal, usted representa y garantiza tener la potestad para vincular a dicha empresa o entidad legal con estas Condiciones y, en tal caso, “usted” y “su” se referirán y serán aplicables a dicha empresa o entidad legal.
2.
==========
Términos clave
2.1 	"Contenido" significa cualquier texto, gráficos, imágenes, música, software, audio, video, información u otros materiales.
2.2 	"Contenido de Narvii" significa todo Contenido que Narvii hace disponible a través del Sitio, la Aplicación o los Servicios de Narvii, incluyendo cualquier Contenido de terceros debidamente autorizado, pero excluyendo los Contenidos de Miembros.
2.3 	"Miembro" o "Usuario" significa cualquier persona que realice todo el proceso de registro de cuenta en Narvii, tal como está descrito más adelante en este documento, bajo “Registro de cuenta”.
Además, se refiere asimismo a toda persona que descarga y ve Contenido de Narvii.
2.4 	"Contenido de miembro" o "Contenido de usuario" significa todo contenido que un Miembro publique, suba, envíe o transmita para que se haga disponible a través de los Servicios de Narvii.
2.5 	"Contenido del Sitio" significa tanto el Contenido de Miembros como el Contenido de Narvii.
3.
==========
Modificación
3.1 	Puede que, de tanto en tanto y sin mediar previo aviso, revisemos estos términos y condiciones, actualizándolos en las aplicaciones móviles Narvii o en el sitio web.
Dichos términos y condiciones revisados tendrán validez a partir del momento en que sean publicados.
Si usted hallase inaceptables los términos y condiciones revisados, deberá dejar de utilizar el sitio web y la aplicación móvil de Narvii.
4.
==========
Descargo de responsabilidad con respecto a la información de ubicación
4.1 	Los Servicios de Narvii están pensados únicamente para ser utilizados como servicios personales, basados en la ubicación y, por lo tanto, para un uso individual.
No deberían ser utilizados ni se debería confiar en ellos como un sistema localizador de emergencia, ni ser utilizados al ir conduciendo u operando vehículos, ni tampoco en conexión con cualquier ambiente peligroso que requiera un desempeño infalible, así como para ninguna aplicación en la cual la falla o inexactitud de dicha aplicación o de los Servicios de Narvii pueda llevar a la muerte, una lesión personal o daños severos, ya sean estos físicos o de la propiedad.
4.2	Narvii no es apropiado ni está pensado para fines de búsqueda de familiares, seguimiento de flotas o cualquier otro tipo de uso comercial o empresarial.
Hoy en día, hay otros productos que pueden ser usados específicamente para dichos fines.
5.
==========
Condiciones de uso aceptable
5.1	Todo contenido publicado en la plataforma de Narvii se hace disponible al público en línea.
Por lo tanto, al subir contenido de usuario a la plataforma, usted acepta que todo este contenido se hará disponible al público, incluyendo, entre otros, su nombre de usuario, imagen de perfil (o avatar), comentarios, blogs, actualizaciones, sus “Me gusta” en relación con contenido de usuarios, videos e imágenes.
5.2	Al usar los Servicios de Narvii, usted no debe: 
5.2.1	Violar ninguna ley aplicable; 
5.2.2	Hacerse pasar por ninguna persona; 
5.3	Publicar ningún material o contenido que: 
5.3.1	Infrinja derechos de propiedad intelectual de ningún tercero o publicar ningún material o contenido del cual usted no tenga el respectivo derecho a publicar; 
5.3.2	Sea ilegal, dañino, amenazante, abusivo, engañoso, invasivo de la privacidad de otros, difamatorio, obsceno, suponga un acoso o sea de alguna forma objetable por parte de alguna persona o entidad; 
5.3.3	Contenga alguna publicidad o material promocional no autorizado, o cualquier otra forma de solicitud no autorizada, incluyendo, entre otras, el correo basura, spam, cadenas o cualquier otra forma de distribución masiva de correos electrónicos no solicitado; 
5.3.4	Distribuya virus, archivos corruptos o cualquier otro software o programa similar que pueda dañar la operación del hardware o el software de algún computador o dispositivo móvil;
5.3.5	Recoja o almacene datos personales de otros usuarios de Narvii;
5.3.6	Se envuelva en alguna otra conducta que inhiba a alguna otra persona de utilizar o disfrutar de los Servicios de Narvii; o 
5.3.7	Realice alguna actividad sistemática o automatizada de recolección de datos (incluyendo, entre otras, el análisis y la extracción de datos) sobre -o en relación con- los Servicios de Narvii.
6.
==========
Contenido de miembros 
6.1	Puede que, a nuestra entera discreción, permitamos a los Miembros que publiquen, suban, envíen o transmitan Contenido de Miembros.
6.2	Al hacer cualquier Contenido de Miembro disponible a través del Sitio, la Aplicación o los Servicios, usted otorga a Narvii una licencia universal, irrevocable, perpetua, no exclusiva, transferible, exenta de regalías, junto con el derecho a sublicenciar, utilizar, copiar, adaptar, modificar, distribuir, licenciar, vender, transferir, exhibir públicamente, reproducir públicamente, transmitir, emitir, acceder, ver y explotar de alguna manera dicho Contenido de Miembros únicamente en el Sitio, la Aplicación o los Servicios, o bien a través o por medio de ellos.
6.3	Narvii no reclama ningún derecho de propiedad sobre ninguno de tales Contenidos de Miembros y nada de estas Condiciones será considerado de manera tal que restrinja cualesquiera derechos que usted pueda tener a utilizar y explotar dicho Contenido de Miembro.
6.4	Usted acepta y acuerda ser el único responsable por todo Contenido de Miembro que usted haga disponible a través del Sitio, la Aplicación y los Servicios.
En consecuencia, usted representa y garantiza que: 
6.4.1	Usted es el único y exclusivo dueño de todo Contenido de Miembro que hace disponible a través del Sitio, la Aplicación y los Servicios, o bien, de lo contrario, usted tiene todos los derechos, licencias, consentimientos y autorizaciones que sean necesarias para otorgar a Narvii los derechos sobre dicho Contenido de Miembro, tal como lo explican estas Condiciones;
6.4.2	Ni el Contenido de Miembro ni la publicación, subida, envío o transmisión de Contenido de Miembro realizados por usted, así como tampoco la utilización por parte de Narvii del Contenido de Miembro (o de alguna porción del mismo) en el Sitio, la Aplicación o los Servicios, o bien a través o por medio de ellos, infringirán, se apropiarán indebidamente ni violarán ningún derecho de autor, patente, marca registrada, secreto comercial, derecho moral u otro derecho de propiedad o de propiedad intelectual de algún tercero, así como tampoco sus derechos de publicidad y privacidad, ni resultarán en la violación de ninguna ley o regulación aplicable.
6.5	Usted entiende que al usar los Servicios de Narvii usted se expondrá a Contenidos de Miembros provenientes de una gran variedad de fuentes, y que Narvii no se hace responsable por la exactitud, utilidad, seguridad, o por los derechos de propiedad intelectual de dicho Contenido de Miembro o en relación con el mismo.
==========
Es más, usted entiende y acepta que puede estar expuesto a Contenidos de Miembros que sean inexactos, ofensivos, indecentes u objetables.
6.6	Narvii no asume ninguna responsabilidad en absoluto en relación con los Contenidos de Miembros o con aquello en lo que los mismos puedan derivar.
6.7	Narvii no asume ninguna responsabilidad de monitorear activamente los Contenidos de Miembros en búsqueda de contenidos inapropiados.
6.8	Aun si, en algún momento y a su entera discreción, Narvii decidiera monitorear Contenidos de Miembros, Narvii, de todos modos, no asume ninguna responsabilidad por el contenido de los Contenidos de Miembros, ninguna obligación de modificar o quitar cualquier Contenido de Miembro inapropiado, así como ninguna responsabilidad por la conducta del Usuario que envía el Contenido de Miembro.
==========
6.9	Asimismo, Narvii no recomienda y no tiene ningún control sobre el contenido del Contenido de Miembro enviado por otros Usuarios.
6.10	Narvii no ofrece ninguna garantía, expresa o implícita, por el contenido de los Contenidos de Miembros ni por la exactitud o la confiabilidad de ningún Contenido de Miembro.
De todos modos, Narvii se reserva el derecho de impedirle a usted que envíe algún Contenido de Miembro, o que edite, restrinja o quite algún Contenido de Miembro por cualquier razón y en cualquier momento.
6.11	El Contenido de Miembro es propiedad del Usuario que lo envía, sujeto a la licencia de Narvii sobre tal Contenido de Miembro al amparo de este Acuerdo.
El Contenido de Miembro no debe ser compartido, exhibido, o duplicado por ninguna otra parte a no ser por el propio usuario que lo envió, excepto por lo permitido al amparo de este Acuerdo.
6.12	Si usted le brinda a Narvii alguna opinión o sugerencia (“Opinión”) con relación al Sitio o a los Servicios, usted le está asignando a Narvii todos los derechos sobre dicha Opinión, manifestando así su acuerdo con que Narvii utilice dicha Opinión y otras informaciones relacionadas de la manera que le parezca más apropiada.
==========
6.13	Narvii tratará a cualquier Opinión que usted brinde a Narvii como no confidencial ni propietaria.
6.14	Usted manifiesta su acuerdo en no enviar a Narvii ninguna información ni idea que usted considere confidencial o propietaria.
7.
==========
Exención de responsabilidades de garantía
7.1	El servicio de Narvii se brinda “en el estado en que se encuentra” sin ninguna representación ni garantía, expresa o implícita.
Narvii excluye toda representación y garantía al máximo permitido por la legislación pertinente.
7.2	Narvii no ofrece ninguna representación o garantía en relación con los Servicios de Narvii o con los contenidos, la información y los materiales que se hallen en la plataforma Narvii.
7.3	Narvii no garantiza que la plataforma Narvii esté constantemente disponible o que esté disponible en absoluto.
7.4	Narvii no garantiza que el contenido en la plataforma Narvii sea completo, cierto, exacto, legal o decente, o que no sea engañoso o infractor.
7.5	Usted utiliza la plataforma Narvii bajo su propia responsabilidad.
Usted deberá evaluar y sopesar todos los riesgos asociados con la utilización de cualquier material o contenido, incluyendo la confiabilidad en cuanto a la exactitud, plenitud o utilidad de cualquier material o contenido.
7.6	Narvii no garantiza que sus requisitos sean cumplidos o que algún contenido se ofrezca de manera ininterrumpida, sin errores o que la plataforma Narvii o el servidor que opera la plataforma Narvii esté libre de virus o de otros componentes dañinos.
7.7	Narvii no asume ninguna obligación ni responsabilidad por ningún:
7.7.1	Error, falla o inexactitud del contenido,
7.7.2	Lesión personal o daño de propiedad, de cualquier naturaleza que fuere, que resulte de su acceso y utilización de la plataforma Narvii,
7.7.3	Utilización o acceso no autorizado a los servidores de Narvii o a cualquier información personal o financiera almacenada en ellos,
7.7.4	Interrupción o cesación de transmisiones desde o hacia la plataforma Narvii, 
7.7.5	Fallo, virus, caballo troyano o similar que pueda ser transmitido, publicado, enviado por correo electrónico o hecho disponible de forma alguna a través de la plataforma Narvii.
7.8	Narvii no garantiza, recomienda, asegura ni asume ninguna responsabilidad por ningún producto o servicio publicitado u ofrecido a través de la plataforma Narvii; Narvii no actuará como parte ni será tenido responsable en manera alguna por el monitoreo de cualquier transacción entre usted y cualesquiera terceros proveedores de productos o servicios.
8.
==========
Registro de cuenta
8.1	Puede que usted deba registrarse en Narvii para poder utilizar ciertas funcionalidades de los Servicios de Narvii.
8.2	Donde sea requerido registrarse: 
8.2.1	Usted deberá brindarnos una información de registro actualizada, completa y exacta;
8.2.2	Usted deberá salvaguardar cualquier nombre de usuario y contraseña que nosotros le brindemos; 
8.2.3	Usted nos autoriza a asumir que cualquier persona que use los Servicios de Narvii con su nombre de usuario y contraseña es usted o, de lo contrario, alguien autorizado por usted para actuar en su nombre; 
8.2.4	Donde sea que su nombre de usuario y contraseña sean específicos para usted, usted no deberá permitir que nadie utilice su nombre de usuario ni su contraseña; 
8.2.5	Usted acuerda notificarnos inmediatamente sobre cualquier uso no autorizado de su nombre de usuario o contraseña, así como de cualquier brecha de seguridad de la que usted llegue a enterarse; 
8.2.6	Usted podrá cancelar su registro en cualquier momento notificándonos de ello; y 
8.2.7	Nos reservamos el derecho de discontinuar o cancelar su registro, a nuestra entera y absoluta discreción y sin mediar previo aviso, en el caso de que usted no utilice los Servicios de Narvii por largo tiempo, si usted incumple con cualquiera de estos términos y condiciones o con cualquier ley aplicable, si concluimos que su conducta afecta nuestro nombre o reputación o viola nuestros derechos o los de algún tercero, o en cualquier otro caso en que lo consideremos apropiado.
8.3	Tanto si usted decide cancelar su cuenta, como si nosotros, en cambio, le ponemos fin, todo su contenido de usuario podrá permanecer en los Servicios de Narvii aún después de que su cuenta ya haya sido cancelada.
9.
==========
Sitios, productos y servicios de terceros; enlaces
9.1	Los Servicios de Narvii pueden incluir enlaces a otros sitios web o servicios según la exclusiva conveniencia de los Usuarios.
Narvii no recomienda ninguno de dichos sitios enlazados, ni la información, los materiales, productos o servicios contenidos en otros sitios enlazados, o bien accesibles a través de ellos.
9.2	Es más, Narvii no ofrece ninguna garantía expresa ni implícita con respecto a la información, los materiales, productos o servicios contenidos en otros sitios enlazados, o bien accesibles a través de ellos.
9.3	El acceso y la utilización de sitios enlazados, incluyendo la información, los materiales, productos o servicios ofrecidos en los sitios enlazados o disponibles a través de sitios enlazados serán realizados bajo su entera responsabilidad.
9.4	Su correspondencia o sus tratos comerciales con anunciantes que se encuentren en los Servicios de Narvii o a través de ellos, así como la participación de usted en sus respectivas promociones, ocurren exclusivamente entre usted y dicho anunciante.
9.5	Usted manifiesta su acuerdo en que Narvii no debe ser considerado responsable por ninguna pérdida o daño de cualquier tipo, en el cual se haya incurrido como resultado de dichos tratos comerciales o como resultado de la presencia de dichos anunciantes en los Servicios de Narvii.
==========
9.6	Puede que otras partes que no sean Narvii provean servicios o vendan productos por medio de los Servicios de Narvii.
No nos hacemos responsables de examinar o evaluar a estas empresas ni el contenido de los productos y servicios que ofrecen.
Narvii no asume ninguna responsabilidad u obligación por las acciones, productos y contenidos de todas ellas ni de cualquier otro tercero.
Usted deberá observar atentamente sus respectivas declaraciones de privacidad y otros términos y condiciones de utilización.
10.
==========
Licencias de usuario final
10.1	Dispositivo Móvil.
Para poder usar los Servicios Móviles de Narvii, usted deberá poseer un dispositivo móvil que sea compatible con los Servicios de Narvii.
Narvii no garantiza que los Servicios de Narvii sean compatibles con su dispositivo móvil.
==========
10.2	Concesión de licencia.
Al amparo de los términos de este Acuerdo, Narvii le concede una licencia no exclusiva, intransferible, revocable para (i) utilizar una copia de código compilado del Software Narvii para una cuenta de Servicios de Narvii en un dispositivo móvil que sea su propiedad exclusiva, o bien arrendado únicamente por usted, para su uso personal y no comercial, y (ii) utilizar los Servicios de Narvii (a no ser el Software Narvii) para su uso personal y no comercial.
10.3	Restricciones.
Usted no deberá: 
10.3.1	Modificar, desarmar, descompilar o utilizar la ingeniería reversa con el Software Narvii, excepto para el caso en que dicha restricción está prohibida expresamente por la ley; 
10.3.2	Alquilar, arrendar, prestar, revender, sublicenciar, distribuir o transferir de manera alguna el Software Narvii a ningún tercero o utilizar el Software Narvii para brindar tiempo compartido u otros servicios similares a cualquier tercero;
10.3.3	Realizar ninguna copia del Software Narvii;
10.3.4	Quitar, evadir, deshabilitar, dañar o interferir de alguna manera con funcionalidades relacionadas con la seguridad del Software Narvii, funcionalidades que impidan o restrinjan el uso o la copia de algún contenido accesible a través del Software Narvii, o funcionalidades que impongan limitaciones en el uso del Software Narvii; o
10.3.5	Borrar los derechos de autor y otros avisos de derechos propietarios del Software Narvii.
10.4	Actualizaciones de software.
Usted acepta que Narvii podrá, de tanto en tanto, lanzar versiones actualizadas del Software Narvii, y asimismo actualizar electrónicamente, de manera automática, la versión de Software Narvii que usted use en su dispositivo móvil.
Usted da su consentimiento para dicha actualización automática en su dispositivo móvil, y manifiesta su acuerdo con el hecho de que los términos y condiciones de este Acuerdo sean aplicables a todas esas actualizaciones.
Usted está de acuerdo en que Narvii no será responsable ante usted por ninguna de dichas modificaciones.
10.5	Código abierto.
==========
Con respecto a cualquier código abierto o de terceros que pueda ser incorporado al Software Narvii, dicho código abierto está cubierto por el respectivo acuerdo de licencia de usuario final de código abierto o de licencia de terceros, en caso de que exista uno, que brinda la respectiva autorización para la utilización de dicho código.
Nada de lo contenido en este Acuerdo limita sus derechos al amparo de los respectivos términos y condiciones de cualquier licencia de usuario final aplicable para dicho software de código abierto, ni asimismo le otorga derechos que los sustituyan.
En particular, nada en este Acuerdo restringe su derecho a copiar, modificar y distribuir dicho software de código abierto, que está sujeto a las condiciones de la Licencia Pública General de GNU.
10.6	Derechos Reservados.
La licencia precedente y otorgada al amparo de este Acuerdo no es una venta del Software Narvii o de alguna copia del mismo, y tanto Narvii como aquellos terceros que actúan como sus socios y proveedores conservan todos sus derechos, títulos e intereses sobre el Software Narvii (y sobre cualquier copia del mismo).
Cualquier intento que usted realice de transferir cualquiera de los derechos, los deberes u obligaciones en virtud del presente Acuerdo, excepto en el caso de aquellos expresamente prohibidos por él, resultará nulo.
==========
Narvii se reserva todos los derechos que no hayan sido otorgados expresamente por este Acuerdo.
10.7	Marcas registradas, marcas de servicio y logotipos.
El nombre de este sitio web es una marca de servicio de Narvii.
No será permitido ningún uso de dicha marca, excepto cuando se haya obtenido previamente el debido permiso y autorización por escrito de Narvii.
Todos los derechos reservados.
==========
10.8	Control de exportación.
El Software Narvii es originario de los Estados Unidos, y por tanto está sujeto a las leyes y regulaciones de los Estados Unidos en lo relativo a la exportación.
El Software Narvii no será exportado o reexportado a ciertos países o a aquellas personas o entidades que tengan prohibido recibir exportaciones de los Estados Unidos.
Además, el Software Narvii podrá estar sujeto a las leyes de otros países en lo que hace a la exportación y la importación.
Usted expresa su acuerdo con cumplir con todas las leyes de los Estados Unidos y de otros países en relación con el uso del Software Narvii y de los Servicios de Narvii.
==========
10.9	Tiendas de aplicaciones.
Usted acepta y está de acuerdo en que la disponibilidad del Software Narvii dependerá de aquellos terceros de los que usted recibiera el Software Narvii, tales como, por ejemplo, la App Store de Apple (cada una de ellas, una “Tienda de aplicaciones”).
Usted acepta que este Acuerdo es celebrado entre usted y Narvii, no con la Tienda de aplicaciones.
Cada Tienda de aplicaciones podrá tener sus propios términos y condiciones, con los cuales usted deberá manifestar su acuerdo antes de descargar el Software Narvii de ellas.
Usted está de acuerdo en cumplir con todos los términos y condiciones aplicables de la Tienda de aplicaciones correspondiente, y su licencia de uso del Software Narvii estará condicionada a su cumplimiento con ellos.
11.
==========
Violaciones; finalización
11.1	Usted manifiesta su acuerdo con el hecho de que, si Narvii cree, de buena fe, que usted ha violado cualquiera de los términos y condiciones detallados en este Acuerdo, podrá poner fin a cualquier cuenta que usted tenga con los Servicios de Narvii o a su uso de los Servicios de Narvii o de cualquier porción de los mismos, así como eliminar o deshacerse de toda su cuenta o sus Envíos de Usuario o parte de ellos, en cualquier momento dado.
11.2	Usted está de acuerdo con que cualquier finalización de su acceso a los Servicios de Narvii o de cualquier cuenta que usted pueda tener (o de cualquier porción de la misma) podrá hacerse efectiva sin mediar ningún previo aviso, y usted está de acuerdo, asimismo, en que Narvii no será tenido responsable frente a usted o a cualquier tercero por tal finalización.
11.3	Narvii no permite actividades que infrinjan derechos de autor dentro de los Servicios de Narvii, por lo cual se reserva el derecho de poner fin al acceso a los Servicios de Narvii de aquellas personas que sean halladas infractoras reincidentes, así como a eliminar todo el contenido que hayan enviado.
11.4	Cualquier actividad ilegal, abusiva o fraudulenta que pueda servir de base para poner fin a su uso de los Servicios podrá ser remitida a las autoridades legales apropiadas y competentes.
Estos recursos son adicionales a cualquier otro recurso con el que Narvii pueda contar conforme a derecho o equidad.
12.
==========
Limitación de responsabilidades por daños
12.1	Usted acepta y está de acuerdo en que, bajo ninguna circunstancia, incluyendo la negligencia, Narvii (o sus filiales, contratistas, empleados, agentes o terceros que actúen como sus socios o proveedores) será tenido responsable frente a usted por cualquier daño especial, indirecto, fortuito, punitivo, en la confiabilidad, emergente o ejemplar que esté relacionado o resulte de: 
12.1.1	La utilización, divulgación, exhibición o mantenimiento de su información de ubicación;
12.1.2	La utilización que usted dé a los Servicios de Narvii, o bien su imposibilidad de usarlos; 
12.1.3 	Los servicios de Narvii en general (incluyendo el software Narvii) o los sistemas que hacen que los servicios de Narvii estén disponibles; o 
12.1.4	Cualquier otra interacción con Narvii o con cualquier otro usuario de los servicios de Narvii, aun cuando Narvii o cualquier representativo de Narvii autorizado haya sido advertido de la posibilidad de tales daños.
Usted está de acuerdo en que las limitaciones de responsabilidades expresadas en esta sección sobrevivirán a cualquier finalización o vencimiento de este acuerdo y serán aplicables aun cuando se hallara que cierto recurso limitado especificado en el presente haya fallado en su propósito más esencial.
12.2	En ningún caso tendrá Narvii (o sus filiales, contratistas, empleados, agentes, proveedores o terceros que actúen como sus socios o proveedores) total responsabilidad frente a usted por toda pérdida o daño.
12.3	La legislación aplicable en su estado podrá no permitir la limitación o exención de responsabilidades por daños emergentes o fortuitos, en cuyo caso la limitación o exención detallada más arriba no sea aplicable para usted.
En tales circunstancias, usted está de acuerdo en que la responsabilidad de Narvii será limitada hasta el máximo en que lo permita la legislación vigente en su estado.
13.
==========
Ventajas de la negociación
13.1	Usted acepta y está de acuerdo en que Narvii ha ofrecido los servicios de Narvii, fijado sus precios y celebrado este acuerdo en dependencia de las exenciones de responsabilidades de garantía y las limitaciones de responsabilidades especificadas más arriba.
Además, usted acepta y está de acuerdo en que las exenciones de responsabilidades de garantía y las limitaciones de responsabilidades especificadas en este acuerdo reflejan una distribución razonable y justa del riesgo entre usted y Narvii, y que las exenciones de responsabilidades de garantía y las limitaciones de responsabilidades especificadas en este acuerdo constituyen una base esencial de la negociación entre usted y Narvii.
No le sería posible a Narvii brindarle los servicios de Narvii de una manera razonable desde el punto de vista financiero sin dichas limitaciones y exenciones.
14.
==========
Aplicación Narvii de iTunes
14.1	Lo que viene a continuación es aplicable a cualquier Aplicación a la que se acceda a través de la iTunes Store de Apple o que se descargue de ella (“App de iTunes Store”):
14.1.1	Usted acepta y está de acuerdo en que (i) estas Condiciones son acordadas exclusivamente entre usted y Narvii, y no con Apple, y en que (ii) Narvii, y no Apple, es exclusivamente responsable por la App de iTunes Store y por el contenido de la misma.
El uso que usted dé a la App de iTunes Store deberá cumplir con las Condiciones del servicio de la App Store.
14.1.2	Usted acepta que Apple no tiene ninguna obligación en absoluto de suministrar mantenimiento alguno ni de brindar apoyo a la Aplicación, en lo relativo a la App de iTunes Store.
14.1.3	En el caso de que la App de iTunes Store no cumpliera con alguna garantía aplicable, usted podrá notificar a Apple, y Apple le devolverá a usted el importe de compra de la App de iTunes Store, de ser aplicable, y hasta el máximo permitido por la legislación vigente, Apple no tendrá ninguna otra obligación en absoluto en lo relativo a garantías con respecto a la App de iTunes Store, y cualquier otro reclamo u obligación, otro extravío, daño, costo o gasto que pueda ser atribuido al incumplimiento con alguna garantía será de exclusiva responsabilidad de Narvii.
14.1.4	Usted y Narvii aceptan que, entre Narvii y Apple, Apple no es responsable de abordar ningún reclamo, hecho por usted ni por ningún tercero, relativo a la App de iTunes Store o a su posesión o uso de la App de iTunes Store, incluyendo, entre otros: (i) reclamos por la responsabilidad del producto; (ii) cualquier reclamo de que la App de iTunes Store no cumpla con algún requisito legal o normativo vigente; y (iii) reclamos que surjan a través de la defensa del consumidor o leyes similares.
14.1.5	Usted y Narvii reconocen que, en el caso de que cualquier tercero reclame que la App de iTunes Store o su posesión y uso de dicha App de iTunes Store infringe los derechos de propiedad intelectual de dicho tercero, entre Narvii y Apple, Narvii, y no Apple, será exclusivamente responsable por la investigación, defensa, acuerdo y pago de tal reclamo por la infracción de propiedad intelectual hasta donde así lo requieran estas Condiciones.
14.1.6	Usted y Narvii reconocen y acuerdan que Apple y sus subsidiarias son terceros y asimismo beneficiarios de estas Condiciones en lo que se refiere a su licencia de la App de iTunes Store, y que, tras su aceptación de los términos y condiciones detallados en estas Condiciones, Apple tendrá el derecho (y se considerará que ha aceptado tal derecho) de exigir que usted cumpla con estas Condiciones en lo que se refiere a su licencia de la App de iTunes Store como un tercero que también es beneficiario de ella.
14.2	Sin limitar ninguno de los términos de estas Condiciones, usted deberá cumplir con todos los términos de acuerdos con terceros que sean aplicables cuando utilice la App de iTunes Store.
15.
==========
Avisos de derechos de propiedad
15.1	Todas las marcas registradas, marcas de servicio, logotipos, nombres comerciales y cualquier otra designación privativa de Narvii usada en el presente documento son marcas comerciales o marcas registradas de Narvii.
Cualquier otra marca registrada, marca de servicio, logotipo, nombre comercial o designación privativa es marca comercial o marca registrada de la respectiva parte.
16.
==========
Control de la ley y la jurisdicción
16.1	Estas Condiciones y cualesquiera acciones relacionadas a ellas serán gobernadas por las leyes del Estado de Massachusetts sin importar las disposiciones legales del mismo respecto a los conflictos de leyes.
La jurisdicción exclusiva de cualquier acción con respecto al tema desarrollado en estas Condiciones consistirá en el estado y las cortes federales ubicados en el Nordeste y cada una de las partes integrantes del presente renuncian a cualquier objeción a que la jurisdicción abarque dichas cortes.
17.
Indivisibilidad del acuerdo
17.1	Estas Condiciones constituyen, total y exclusivamente, el acuerdo y convenio entre Narvii y usted en lo relativo al Sitio, la Aplicación, los Servicios, los Contenidos del Sitio, y los Contenidos de Miembros, y estas Condiciones asimismo reemplazan y sustituyen a cualquier acuerdo o convenio anterior entre Narvii y usted, oral o escrito, en lo relativo al Sitio, la Aplicación, los Servicios o los Contenidos.
18.
==========
Cesión
18.1	Usted no cederá ni transferirá estas Condiciones, ya sea por medios legales o por cualquier otra vía, sin haber obtenido previamente el consentimiento de Narvii para ello por escrito.
Cualquier intento que usted realice de ceder o transferir estas Condiciones sin dicho consentimiento resultará nulo o no tendrá efecto.
Narvii podrá ceder o transferir estas Condiciones, a su entera discreción y sin ninguna restricción.
En tal caso, estas Condiciones obligarán y beneficiarán a las partes, sus sucesores y sus cesionarios autorizados.
19.
==========
Avisos
19.1	Cualquier aviso u otras comunicaciones permitidas o requeridas en el presente documento, incluyendo aquellas relacionadas a la modificación de estas Condiciones, serán realizadas por escrito y brindadas por Narvii (i) por correo electrónico (en todo caso, a la dirección brindada por usted); o (ii) publicándolas en el Sitio o por medio de la Aplicación.
En el caso de los avisos enviados por correo electrónico, la fecha en que dicho correo sea enviado será considerada como la fecha de recepción del mismo.
20.
==========
General
20.1	El hecho de que Narvii no exija el cumplimiento de algún derecho o disposición contenido en estas Condiciones no significa que renuncie a exigir el cumplimiento con dicho derecho o disposición en el futuro.
La renuncia a dicho derecho o disposición será válida únicamente si ocurre por escrito y está firmada por un representante de Narvii debidamente autorizado.
Excepto en los casos en que esté especificado explícitamente en estas Condiciones, el ejercicio de sus recursos, practicado por cualquiera de las partes al amparo de estas Condiciones, ocurrirá sin perjuicio de sus otros recursos al amparo de estas Condiciones y en general.
Si, por alguna razón, una corte de jurisdicción competente hallara alguna de las disposiciones de estas Condiciones inválida o inaplicable, dicha disposición será aplicada al máximo permitido, mientras que todas las otras disposiciones de estas Condiciones permanecerán en pleno vigor.
21.
Contacto con Narvii
21.1	Le rogamos que, en caso de que usted tenga alguna pregunta sobre estas Condiciones, así como si tiene alguna pregunta, queja o reclamo con respecto a la Aplicación, tenga a bien contactar con nosotros a legal@Narvii.com
22.
Fecha de entrada en vigor: 1 de noviembre de 2011
YO HE LEÍDO ESTE DOCUMENTO Y ESTOY DE ACUERDO CON TODAS LAS DISPOSICIONES CONTENIDAS MÁS ARRIBA
==========
