Last updated: February 16, 2009
Any use of the Sojern online services and any content or information therein (the “Service”) and the Sojern.com website along with such website pages on which the Service is provided (the “Site”) by Sojern, Inc. (“Sojern” or “us” or “we”) is subject to the following legal notices (“Legal Notices”).
Here you can access the current version of these Legal Notices any time.
These Legal Notices may be modified from time to time and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting to the Site.
The effective date of the latest version of these Legal Notices will appear on this page.
It is your responsibility to regularly check the Site to determine if there have been changes to the Legal Notices and to review such changes.
BY USING THE SITE OR THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT, PRIVACY POLICY AND THESE LEGAL NOTICES.
This Site is protected under U.S. and international copyright laws.
==========
Copyright © 2008-2009 Sojern, Inc.
All rights reserved.
All of our company names, product names, service names and logos are owned by us.
The content on the Site and the Service, including but not limited to, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like, and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (“Site Content”), are owned by or licensed to Sojern and are subject to copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress, patent and other intellectual property rights and protections under United States and foreign laws and international conventions.
If you believe in good faith that any Site Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may forward the following information to our Copyright Agent at copyrightnotices@sojern.com: (i) your contact information, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address; (ii) identification and description of each copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (iii) the exact URL or location of the material that you claim is infringing; (iv) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (v) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owners.
==========
