Vitals is provided to You by MDx Medical, Inc. and/or any of its related, affiliated and/or subsidiary companies (individually and collectively, "MDx," "Vitals," "We" or "Us"), and the following Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by MDx or its related, affiliated and/or subsidiary companies on or in connection with Vitals.com (collectively, the "Products and Services").
For convenience, the words "User," "You" and "Your" as used in this Privacy Policy refer to users of Vitals, including, without limitation, individuals seeking to utilize the Products and Services, and physicians, long-term care facilities, hospitals, insurers and other providers of healthcare services and persons working on their behalf who post or edit profiles and other content, materials and information related to them (collectively, Healthcare Providers).
Vitals recognizes that Your privacy and the protection of Your Personal Information (as defined below) is important to You, and therefore, has adopted this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes Vitals’ privacy practices and how Vitals treats the Personal Information that is provided by You when You use the Products and Services, including any Personal Information You provide when You create Your Vitals account.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the Products and Services offered by Vitals through its website.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" is information that (i) You voluntarily provide to Vitals, and (ii) that personally identifies You.
Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, Your name, email or other address, billing and payment information and other data that can be used to personally identify or contact You.
If You decide to utilize the Products and Services, including, for example, scheduling an appointment with a Healthcare Provider through our website, Vitals.com, Your Personal Information may also include sensitive personal information, including any confidential medical information (such as your reason for scheduling the provider appointment) that You voluntarily provide, as well as information collected by Vitals as a result of Your queries, searches, clickstreams and other website navigation activities.
"Aggregated Non-Personal Information" is information about some or all of the Users of the Products and Services, but unlike Personal Information, does not reflect or reference an individually identifiable User.
Aggregated Non-Personal Information may be formed from Personal Information, but any of the Personal Information used to form the Aggregated Non-Personal Information has been processed to no longer reflect or reference an individually identifiable User.
HOW WE OBTAIN THE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Vitals may obtain, collect, retain, store or otherwise maintain Your Personal Information from the following sources:

Your Vitals.com Account.
This information may include, for example, information You provide to Vitals through Your creation, registration and maintenance of an account on Vitals.com.
==========
Purchase of Products or Services:  To the extent that we offer Products or Services for purchase, we may request that You provide Personal Information, a credit card account number and/or or other payment account information in order for You to access or purchase those Products and Services.
Other Information You Provide to Vitals: Some of the Products and Services allow You to store Personal Information, such as Your Healthcare Providers, pharmacies, insurance information, emergency contact information, personal health information and related information.
Interactive Products and Services:  Some of the Products and Services allow You to interact with Healthcare Providers through our website, Vitals.com.
==========
These interactive Products and Services include, but are not limited to, scheduling appointments with Healthcare Providers.
Per Your request to utilize these interactive Products and Services, we may obtain Personal Information (such as the medical reasons for You scheduling the appointment), that You voluntarily provide in connection with utilizing these interactive Products and Services.
You understand and agree that Vitals may use and/or disclose such Personal Information to Healthcare Providers that You have selected in connection with providing You with the requested interactive Products and Services.
Your Responses to Communications from Vitals:  From time to time, Vitals may communicate with You through postal mail, email or other forms of electronic communications regarding Your Vitals.com account, the Products and Services and new Products and Services.
==========
If You respond to these communications, Your responses may contain Personal Information.
You can decline to provide Your Personal Information to Vitals by not engaging in the activities described above.
If you decline to submit Personal Information, Vitals may not be able to or may choose not to provide to You some or all of its Products and Services.
Vitals also collects non-personally identifiable server-log information relating to its users.
==========
This information may include, but is not limited to, (i) Your Vitals account activity, including storage usage, number of log-ins, data displayed or selected, including user interface elements, links, etc, and (ii) Your web request, Internet Protocol address ("IP address"), browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, date and time of access, one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser and referrer Uniform Resource Locator ("URL").
None of this information enables Vitals to personally identify or contact You.
HOW VITALS USES PERSONAL INFORMATION
Vitals only uses Personal Information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Specifically, Vitals only uses Your Personal Information for:

Providing the Products and Services to You, including but not limited to, the processing, formatting and displaying of personal information, customized content and the delivery of customized Products and Services to You;
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve the Products and Services and the Vitals.com website; 
Ensuring the technical functioning of Vitals’ network and the Vitals.com website, including creating and maintaining back ups or other archival copies of Personal Information and other related data; and/or
Developing new Products and Services, which may include use of Personal Information, by Vitals in connection with developing and offering to You customized Products and Services (e.g., postal mail, e-mail or other forms of electronic communications, such as "newsletters," regarding specific health conditions, health education and/or disease prevention), which Products and Services may be supported by third-party advertising from Healthcare Providers and manufacturers, retailers and/or other service providers within the healthcare industry (e.g., pharmaceutical and/or medical device manufacturers, suppliers, or retailers).
Vitals restricts access to Personal Information to those employees, contractors and agents of Vitals who need to access Personal Information for the purposes specified above.
==========
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Except as otherwise set forth herein, Vitals does not share Your Personal Information with third parties without Your consent, except when We believe that it is reasonably necessary to do so in order to comply with a subpoena or other judicial order or process, as otherwise required by law or in order to enforce Vitals’ User Agreement.
In such circumstances, Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to Vitals’ attorneys.
Aggregated Non-Personal Information provided to or collected by Vitals may be provided to, shared with and used by third parties including third-party content providers, paid advertisers and licensees of the Products and Services.
Vitals permits third-party advertising companies and networks to place paid advertisements that are visible when You visit the Vitals.com website.
==========
These companies and networks include, among others, third party ad servers, ad agencies, advertising networks, advertising technology vendors, and research firms.
These companies and networks may use information (not including your Personal Information) relating to Your visits to the Vitals.com website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to You.
In the course of serving advertisements to the Vitals.com website, these companies and networks may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser or use a "web beacon."
An example of such ad networks are Google and DoubleClick.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google and/or DoubleClick, click here.
If you would like more information about not having this information used by other companies, please click here.
==========
Vitals may allow certain affiliates and third parties to include web beacons within pages served by Vitals.
These affiliates and third parties collect Aggregated Non-Personal Information about Vitals’ users and provide auditing, research and reporting services and information for Vitals’ advertisers and other partners.
If Vitals desires to use Your Personal Information for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy (as it may be amended from time to time), Vitals will request Your consent prior to such use and offer You an effective way to opt out of the use of Personal Information for those other purposes.
If you opt out or otherwise decline to submit Personal Information in response to such a request, Vitals may not be able to provide to You all of its Products and Services.
==========
COOKIES PLACED BY VITALS
When You visit the Vitals.com website, We send to Your computer one or more cookies (i.e. a small file containing a string of characters) that, among other things, uniquely identifies your browser, allows Vitals.com to "remember" Your computer and Your activities on the website.
Vitals uses cookies to uniquely and anonymously identify its users’ computers.
No Personal Information is collected or stored in these cookies.
These cookies cannot damage a user’s files, and cannot read information from a user’s hard drive.
Vitals uses cookies to improve the quality of the Products and Services.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Please note that some features of the Products and Services may not function properly, if at all, if your cookies are disabled.
==========
HIPAA
Vitals is not a "covered entity" under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH") and the regulations promulgated thereunder, in effect or as amended (collective, "HIPAA").
Although Vitals is not covered by HIPAA, We are committed to user privacy and have in place strict data security policies and measures, and ensure that users control access to their information.
We let users know what information we collect when they use Vitals.com, how we use it, and how we keep it safe.
On occasion, Vitals may act as a "Business Associate" of one or more Covered Entities (e.g., healthcare providers, hospitals, health plans) as defined by HIPAA.
In those instances, to the extent required by law, Vitals will both comply with the obligations imposed upon Business Associates and abide by the privacy policies of the Covered Entities.
==========
LINKS:
This Privacy Policy only addresses the Vitals.com website and the Products and Services.
Other websites, such as those to which Vitals links to or link to the Vitals.com website, may have their own privacy policies.
We encourage You to read the privacy policies and terms of use of the websites that You visit through links placed on the Vitals.com website as well as those for websites that provide links to the Vitals.com website.
You should contact these websites directly if You have any questions about their use of Your information.
==========
Vitals is not responsible for any use of Your Personal Information or any other type of Your information when You use such third party sites and services.
INFORMATION SHARING AND ONWARD TRANSFER
Vitals reserves the right to sell, rent or otherwise share some or all of Your Personal Information with other companies or individuals outside of Vitals if:

You have consented to such sale, rental or sharing; and/or
Vitals becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of all of its assets.
In such circumstances, Vitals will provide notice before Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Vitals reserves the right to disclose Aggregated Non-Personal Information to third parties without prior notice to You.
==========
INFORMATION SECURITY
Vitals takes reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of its data, including Personal Information stored or maintained on its servers and other systems.
These measures include internal reviews of Vitals’ data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to servers and systems where Vitals stores personal data.
DATA INTEGRITY
Vitals processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Vitals also takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on You and our other users to update or correct their Personal Information whenever necessary.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except as required by the User Agreement, You may change the settings of Your Vitals account via the "settings" section of such account.
You may organize or delete certain information through such settings or, alternately, terminate Your Vitals account.
Such deletions or terminations will take immediate effect.
Residual copies of the deleted information and/or the terminated Vitals account may take up to sixty (60) days to be deleted from active servers and may remain in perpetuity in backup systems.
==========
When you use the Products and Services, Vitals makes good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Information.
Where applicable, Vitals asks individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and Vitals may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required.
In any case, where Vitals provides information access and correction, Vitals provides this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
Some of the Products and Services have different procedures to access, correct or delete Your Personal Information.
==========
Please contact Vitals for the details for these procedures.
ENFORCEMENT
Vitals regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Please direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Vitals treatment of Personal Information by contacting Vitals at the address below.
When Vitals receives formal written complaints at this address, its policy is to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns.
Vitals will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of Personal Information that cannot be resolved between an individual and Vitals.
GENERALLY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
Vitals will post any changes on this page.
Vitals encourages You to check back and review this policy periodically so that You will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact us at:

				Vitals 
				Attn: Legal Department 
				210 Clay Avenue, Suite 140
				Lyndhurst, NJ 07071 
			

				Email address info@vitals.com

CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows users who are California residents to request information about the disclosure of their Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us at info@vitals.com.
==========
MORE INFORMATION
Vitals adheres to the United States of America safe harbor privacy principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement.
For more information about the Safe Harbor framework, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's website.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severed from the balance of the agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, which will continue in full force and effect.
This page was lasted updated on December 15, 2011.
==========
