Terms Of Use
The terms and conditions set forth below (the "terms") govern you while on this site on the World Wide Web (the "site") and are legally binding on you.
If you do not agree with any of the listed conditions, do not access or otherwise use this site or any information contained on this site.
Your use of the site shall be deemed to be your agreement to each of the terms set forth below
General use Restrictions
All information, documents, products and services, trademarks, logos, graphics, and images ("Materials") provided on this site are copyrighted or trademarked and are the property of Samsung Group, Samsung Electronics and it's listed subsidiaries.
Any unauthorized use of any material contained on the site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and communications statutes.
==========
SAMSUNG Group and Samsung Electronics grants you the limited right to display the Materials only on your personal computer for your personal use.
You agree not to use the materials for any other purpose without the prior written consent of Samsung.
Without limitation, you agree not to reproduce, re-distribute, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any information contained in the materials to anyone, including others in the same company or organization.
You may not post content from this site to news groups, mail lists, or bulletin boards.
You acknowledge and agree that, except as set forth herein, you have no right to modify, edit, alter or enhance any of the materials in any manner.
This limited license terminates automatically, without notice to you, if you breach any of these terms.
Upon termination you agree to immediately destroy any printed or downloaded materials.
==========
You agree not to "frame" or "mirror" any materials or third-party content contained on this site on any other server or internet based device without the advanced written permission of Samsung or its licensors, respectively.
This site may be linked to other sites on the World Wide Web or Internet which are not under the control of or maintained by Samsung.
Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Samsung.
You acknowledge that Samsung is providing these links to you only as a convenience, you further agree that Samsung is not responsible for the content of such sites.
Certain areas of this site are password restricted to authorized users ("Restricted Areas") If you are an authorized user of the Restricted Areas, you agree that you are entirely responsible for the confidentiality of your password and account information, and agree to notify Samsung immediately if your password is lost, stolen, disclosed to an unauthorized third party, or other wise may have been compromised.
You agree that you are entirely responsible for any and all activities which occur under your account, including any fees which may incurred under your password protected account whether or not you are the individual who undertakes such activities.
You agree to immediately notify Samsung of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security in relation thereof known to you.
==========
You acknowledge that this site may include certain inaccuracies or typographical errors which may affect the quality of materials and third-party content.
You acknowledge that the materials or any third-party content have not been independently verified or authenticated in whole or in part by Samsung, and agree that Samsung does not warrant the accuracy or timeliness of materials or the third-party content, and further agree that Samsung has no liability for any omissions in the materials and content, whether provided by Samsung or any third-party 
Submission Policy
Samsung is pleased to hear from its users and welcomes your comments regarding Samsung's services and products, and may from time to time request certain feedback or material from you, such as on message boards or in connection with contests (“Solicited Submissions”).
Nevertheless, Samsung's long-standing company policy does not allow it to accept or consider creative ideas, show designs, photographs, drawings, or original artwork, suggestions for new products or product improvements, suggestions for technologies, methods, techniques, processes, inventions, marketing plans, or any materials other than those it has specifically requested (see below) (“Unsolicited Submissions”).
We hope you will understand that it is the intent of this policy to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by Samsung's or its affiliates' professional staff might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work.
==========
Accordingly, we ask that you do not send us any Unsolicited Submissions.
Both Solicited and Unsolicited Submissions (collectively “Submissions”) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary in each instance.
For purposes of this Paragraph, all Community Content shall be deemed included in the definition of Submissions.
None of the Submissions shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Samsung, and Samsung shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submissions.
==========
Any Submission may be used by Samsung without restriction for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast or posting, and you hereby irrevocably waive, release and give up any claim that any use of such Submission violates any of your rights, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, patents, moral rights, privacy rights, proprietary or other property rights, publicity rights, or right to credit for the material or ideas.
Samsung shall have and is irrevocably granted the right, but not the obligation, to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, broadcast, license, perform, post, sell, translate, incorporate, create derivative works from, distribute and otherwise use the Submission in any and all media, now known or hereafter devised, throughout the universe, in perpetuity, without according you any compensation or credit.
By making a Submission to any Samsung Service or Samsung, you represent that such Submission is original with you and does not violate or infringe upon the rights of any third parties, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights and rights of publicity and/or privacy.
All Submissions to a Samsung Service and/or Samsung shall be the sole property of Samsung and will not be acknowledged or returned.
You agree and understand that Samsung is not obligated to use any Submission you make to any Samsung Service or Samsung and you have no right to compel such use.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that your relationship with Samsung is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other special relationship, and that your decision to submit any material to Samsung does not place Samsung in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public with regard to your Submission.
You understand and acknowledge that Samsung has wide access to ideas, stories, designs, and other literary materials, and that new ideas are constantly being submitted to it or being developed by Samsung's own employees.
Many ideas or stories may be competitive with, similar or identical to your Submission in theme, idea, plot, format or other respects.
You acknowledge and agree that you will not be entitled to any compensation as a result of Samsung's use of any such similar or identical material.
==========
Finally, you acknowledge that, with respect to any claim you may have relating to or arising out of a Samsung 's actual or alleged exploitation or use of any material you submit to any Samsung Service and/or Samsung, the damage, if any, thereby caused will not be irreparable or otherwise sufficient to entitle you to injunctive or other equitable relief or to in any way enjoin the production, distribution, exhibition or other exploitation of any production based on or allegedly based on the material, and your rights and remedies in any such event shall be strictly limited to the right to recover damages, if any, in an action at law.
General disclaimer
Services and Materials are intended only for SAMSUNG's customers and are provided only for your convenience.
SAMSUNG grants you no license or property rights to any such Services and Materials...SAMSUNG does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of Services and Materials and other items contained on this server or any other server.
Therefore, you are not to rely on any Services and Materials provided in this site unless we expressly advise you in writing that you can...Please do not rely upon or utilize the Services and Materials to purchase, sell, trade, or transact in any securities.
Note that information provided herein do not meet disclosure requirements of regulatory bodies as may be required in different countries, including but not limited to, the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission.
Please do not make any investment decisions based upon Services and Materials provided herein.
==========
The service and materials are provided by SAMSUNG on an as is basic, and SAMSUNG expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any service or materials.The information regarding the stocks and any information contained in this Web Site do not constitute an offer by SAMSUNG of any of its securities nor does it constitute a request for an offer to buy any securities.
Although you may freely download Services and Materials from this and related sites, SAMSUNG retains all trademark right and copyright on all text and graphics.
You have no right to reproduce them in any way other than for your personal use.
==========
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, SAMSUNG shall not be liable to you or third-party claiming through you for any damage suffered as a result of your displaying, copying or downloading information or material contained on this site.
In no event shall SAMSUNG be liable to you or any third-party for any indirect, extraordinary, exemplary, punitive, special incidental or consequential damages(including loss of data, revenue, profits or other economic advantage) however arising, whether for breach or in tort even if SAMSUNG has previously advised of the possibility of such possible damage.
Local Laws
SAMSUNG controls and operates this site from it's headquarters in the United States of America and Seoul, Korea.
If you use this site from outside the United States of America, you are entirely responsible for compliance with applicable local laws, including but not limited to the export and import laws of other countries in relation to the materials and third-party content.
==========
Violation of Terms of This Site
If you violate the terms of this site, Samsung reserves the right to terminate service to you without further notice or explanation.
Samsung's preferred course of action is to advise you of your inappropriate behavior and advise you of any corrective action.
However, flagrant violations of these Terms as determined by Samsung in its sole discretion, will result in immediate termination of service.
You agree that Samsung and it's licensors may make improvements and/or changes in the services and prices described in this site, if any, at any time without notice, and further agree that Samsung can revise these Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting.
Your continued use of the site after such modifications have been made constitutes your acceptance of such revised Terms.
Any action related to these Terms will be governed by New Jersey Law and controlling U.S. Law without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction.
You agree to the jurisdiction of the courts located in Bergen County, New Jersey for the resolution of all disputes arising from or related to these Terms and/or your use of the site.
==========
The failure of Samsung to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Samsung in writing.
The Terms comprises the entire agreement between you and Samsung and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements, if any, between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein.
Your use of the Site, however, is subject to the additional disclaimers and caveats that may appear throughout the site.
Trademarks
"SAMSUNG", "SAMSUNG.com" and "SAMSUNG DIGITall Everyone's invited" are trademarks of SAMSUNG in the United States or other countries.
Unauthorized use or duplication of these marks is strictly prohibited by law.
==========
About Samsung Group
Each company within the Samsung Group is an independent legal entity.
Samsung Group is not a legal entity.
Samsung Group is a term to conveniently refer to a group of companies that are tied together by their corporate history.
Therefore, please do not mistake the companies by their use of the similar name Samsung.
In particular, no company within the Samsung Group can accept or receive service of process on behalf of another.
No company within the Samsung Group is legally liable for another unless specifically agreed to in writing to assume such liabilities.
This site does not establish any nexus between any of the companies such that you can assume that they can be sued jointly or severally on behalf of another.
==========
