Does Zazzle disclose the information it collects to outside parties?We will share your personally-identifiable information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We do not sell your personally-identifiable information to third parties.
Generally, Zazzle does not share personally-identifiable information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies without your consent except that:1.
==========
Zazzle provides information to its agents and trusted service providers and contractors for limited purposes, such as fulfilling customer orders and processing credit card transactions; offering certain Products and services; communicating with customers; providing customer service; managing information on our behalf; and enhancing the Site features and functionality.
In such cases, we require that these parties agree to use the information solely for the purpose for which we provided it to them and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.2.
If you sign up for a promotion (e.g., a contest or sweepstakes offer) or enroll in a service we offer in partnership with a third party, we may provide information (such as your name, email address, and Account activity) to such third parties.3.
Zazzle provides its Designers with the first name and city/state/country of residence of Zazzle customers who have purchased such Designer's Products.
Zazzle may also release information (including your name, addresses, telephone number, and Account activity) when we, in our sole discretion believe that such release is necessary or appropriate to:•   comply with law;•   comply with subpoenas, warrants, court orders, government investigations, or other legal process;•   enforce or apply the provisions of any of our User Agreement or Policies;•   investigate or respond to allegations of fraud, intellectual property infringement, or other unlawful activity;•  investigate fraud or similar claims;•   protect the rights, property or safety of Zazzle, our Users, or others;•   protect our operations; or•   permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.In the event that Zazzle is acquired by or merges with another company, Zazzle reserves the right to transfer, in connection with such acquisition or merger, all information we have collected from our Users.
==========
You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally-identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally-identifiable information.Zazzle may disclose non-personally-identifiable information to third parties in aggregate form or to potential business partners and investors, in each instance in accordance with GDPR.Zazzle will enter into Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) with such entities, as set forth by the provisions of the GDPR regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from entities in the European Union, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom to the United States.
If there is any conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the SCCs, the SCCs shall govern.
Zazzle will obtain assurances from its agents that they will only process the data for the limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the individual and will safeguard personal information consistently with this Privacy Policy.
The assurance may include: a contract binding the agent to provide at least the same level of protection as is required by the relevant Privacy Shield Principles or CCPA, as applicable, being subject to GDPR, or Privacy Shield certification by the agent.
==========
