Interim Privacy Policy Notice
Oracle on Privacy
Oracle was sensitive to the privacy concern of its users well before privacy became the topic of interest that it is today.
Years ago, our developer community sensitized us to the needs and desires of users concerning their personally identifiable information.
OTN, our developer website, was one of the early leaders in developing and posting a statement of information practices.
Our concern for privacy issues in general led us to provide seed funding for both TRUSTe and the Online Privacy Alliance.
We have been and remain an active participant in the debate over privacy issues at the local, national and international levels.
==========
Because of the business-to-business nature of most of Oracle?s interactions, the overwhelming majority of information collected on our website is business contact information obtained through a professional or company-to-company interaction.
While this type of business information has not been the focus of recent consumer-oriented privacy efforts, Oracle believes that there is a need to address privacy issues in this realm as well.
In an effort to address those needs, Oracle has posted privacy statements related to a number of different functions and services available on the website.
As you visit the Oracle website, you will notice various privacy statements on parts of the site.
These include: Oracle Store, Oracle Technology Network, Oracle Exchange, and Oracle Sales Online among others.
In developing a comprehensive approach and solution to privacy, we have run into issues of complexity when trying to summarize information practices across the different services and functions offered across the site.
The information you need to complete a transaction and the requirements of security on Oracle Store are very different than those involved in browsing Oracle-related news stories or stock quotes.
The Federal Trade Commission requirements of accuracy mandate a need to be precise in disclosure while generally accepted privacy principles agree that notices must be clear, concise and easy to use.
==========
We believe that technology can provide part of this solution.
Oracle is sensitive to the needs of our customers to provide their end users with state of the art technology solutions to both business and policy issues.
We are currently developing a policy and technology methodology to allow users to determine their preferences and control their interactions with Oracle.
The initial steps have already been deployed allowing users to develop and maintain an initial profile, select among online communities and choose from a number of language options.
Over time, we plan to allow our customers to configure their relationship and interaction with us by controlling and maintaining detailed preferences.
Please visit this site for further updates on privacy.
In the interim, if you would like to find out more information on what Oracle is doing to develop its privacy policy, or if you would like to provide comments, please contact:
Joseph Alhadeff
Senior Director, Global Public Policy
jalhadef@us.oracle.com
1667 K St. N.W.
Suite 640
Washington D.C. 20006
Tel: (202) 721-4816
Fax: (202) 467-4250
==========
