By MacRumors Staff on April 3, 2021
How to Delete Cookies in Safari
Tuesday March 23, 2021 5:30 pm PDT by
When you browse the web on your devices, websites will often leave cookies on your system so that they can remember you and what your preferences are.
Some cookies are genuinely useful, as they allow sites to save your personal information (such as your login credentials) so that you don't have to keep entering it every time you visit.
However, for the same reason, cookies can pose a..
.
==========
iOS 14: How to Prevent Network Operators From Tracking Your iPhone or iPad Across Wi-Fi Networks
Thursday October 15, 2020 11:21 pm PDT by Tim Hardwick
In iOS 14, your iPhone or iPad can use a different MAC address with each Wi-Fi network to prevent network operators from tracking your phone across different WiFi networks.
To communicate with a Wi-Fi network, a device has to identify itself to the network with a unique network address called a media access control (MAC) address.
If your iOS device always uses the same Wi-Fi MAC address...
iOS 14 Green and Orange Dots: What Do They Mean?
Tuesday September 8, 2020 1:58 pm PDT by Tim Hardwick
Digital privacy is a perennial hot topic these days, and Apple is regarded as being at the forefront of security when it comes to smartphone and tablet operating systems.
For example, for an app to access your iPhone or iPad's camera, camera and microphone access must be enabled for the app in question in the Settings app.
==========
Social media apps will often ask you for access to your device's...
How to Delete Your Siri Audio History and Opt Out of Siri Audio Sharing on Mac
Thursday May 14, 2020 10:57 pm PDT by Tim Hardwick
This article explains how to delete your Siri audio interaction history and opt out of sharing audio recordings with Apple on Macs.
In 2019, it was discovered that Apple hired contractors to listen to a small percentage of anonymized ‌Siri‌ recordings to evaluate the virtual assistant's responses with the purpose of improving accuracy and reliability.
The Guardian revealed that Apple...
How to Delete Siri Audio History and Opt Out of Siri Audio Sharing on HomePod
Thursday October 31, 2019 2:13 am PDT by Tim Hardwick
This article explains how to delete your Siri audio interaction history and opt out of sharing audio recordings with Apple on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.
How to Opt Out of Siri Audio Sharing on HomePod How to Delete Your Siri Audio History on HomePod Earlier this year, it was discovered that Apple hired contractors to listen to a small percentage of anonymized Siri recordings to evaluate...
How to Delete Your Siri Audio History and Opt Out of Siri Audio Sharing
Tuesday October 29, 2019 9:18 am PDT by Tim Hardwick
This article explains how to delete your Siri audio interaction history and opt out of sharing audio recordings with Apple on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.
How to Opt Out of Siri Audio Sharing How to Delete Your Siri Audio History Earlier this year, it was discovered that Apple hired contractors to listen to a small percentage of anonymized Siri recordings to evaluate the virtual...
How to Use Firefox Private Network to Encrypt Your Web Traffic
Thursday September 12, 2019 2:18 am PDT by Tim Hardwick
Mozilla this week began piloting its own browser-based VPN service, and if you're located in the U.S. you can start testing it for free right away.
==========
Called the Firefox Private Network, the service promises Firefox users a more secure, encrypted path to the web that prevents eavesdroppers from spying on your browsing activity and hides your location from websites and ad trackers.
In that...
How to Restrict an App's Location Access in iOS 13
Wednesday July 24, 2019 10:08 am PDT by Tim Hardwick
Apple has doubled down on its privacy features in iOS 13, giving iPhone and iPad users a more granular view of how apps access their location information.
On Apple devices, the location services that apps can tap into use GPS, Bluetooth, and crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cellular mast locations to determine your approximate location.
The good news is that iOS 13 makes you more aware of how...
How to Request a Copy of Your Apple ID Account Data
Wednesday October 17, 2018 1:30 pm PDT by Tim Hardwick
Apple now allows its customers to download a copy of their personally identifiable data from Apple apps and services.
This can include purchase or app usage history, Apple Music and Game Center statistics, marketing history, AppleCare support history, and any data stored on Apple servers, including the likes of calendars, photos, and documents.
==========
This article outlines the steps you need to take ...
Protecting Your Privacy in Safari for OS X El Capitan
Friday August 5, 2016 10:27 am PDT by Tim Hardwick
Every time you visit a website you are sharing information about yourself with the outside world.
This article runs through a number of methods you can use to gain more control over what gets shared, and who it gets shared with, whenever you use Apple's Safari browser to access the web on a Mac.
It also covers methods you can use to prevent traces of your browsing history from showing up on...
Protecting Your Privacy in Safari for iOS
Thursday July 28, 2016 12:36 pm PDT by Tim Hardwick
Every time you visit a website on your iPhone or iPad, you are sharing information about yourself with the outside world.
This guide runs through a number of methods you can use to gain more control over what gets shared, and who it gets shared with, whenever you use Apple's Safari browser to access the web on an iOS device.
It also covers some methods you can use to prevent traces of your...
Apple Launches All-in-One Web Page With Privacy Labels for Its Own Apps
Apple today updated its privacy website with a new "Labels" section that brings privacy labels for all of Apple's apps together in one place, making it easier for users to learn about how Apple apps handle their personal data.
Apple already provided privacy labels for its apps since the feature launched last year, but on individual support pages, so this new "Labels" section makes it easier...
Apple Offers Developers Clarification on Some App Privacy Data Reporting Requirements
Tuesday February 23, 2021 1:50 pm PST by Juli Clover
Apple today informed developers that it has introduced additional guidance for App Store privacy labels, a feature that Apple has been requiring for all apps since December.
Apple says that rules surrounding data types like email, text messages, and gameplay content have been expanded to make it easier for developers to understand and comply with requirements.Additional details have been...
Mark Zuckerberg Reportedly Told Staff Facebook Needs to 'Inflict Pain' on Apple Over Privacy Dispute
Saturday February 13, 2021 1:33 am PST by Sami Fathi
Apple and Facebook have been in a very public spat over the course of the last few months as Apple dials up its pro-privacy stance.
==========
The two companies have long had tension, but more recently, Facebook is taking shots at an upcoming iOS and iPadOS feature that will require apps and data companies such as Facebook to ask for users' permission before tracking them across other sites and websites.
...
YouTube's iOS App Gets First Update in Two Months
Friday February 12, 2021 6:59 pm PST by Eric Slivka
Google today finally updated its YouTube iOS app for the first time in over two months, becoming one of the highest-profile Google apps to see an update since early December when Apple began requiring that developers disclose privacy practices for each of their apps in order to have their updates approved.
Most of Google's apps have yet to be updated since the requirement went into effect,...
Apple Shares Tim Cook's Recent Speech on Apple's Commitment to Privacy
Tuesday February 2, 2021 3:53 pm PST by Juli Clover
Apple CEO Tim Cook last week spoke at the virtual Computers, Privacy, and Data Protection conference, where he highlighted Apple's commitment to user privacy and condemned the data-hungry business models of companies like Facebook.
Apple today shared Cook's full 12-minute speech on its YouTube channel for those who missed the initial release.
==========
On January 28, 2021, Apple CEO ‌Tim Cook‌...
WhatsApp Uses Status Updates to Remind Users About Its Privacy Commitments
Monday February 1, 2021 2:58 am PST by Tim Hardwick
WhatsApp has started using Status messages to remind its users of the messaging service's "commitment to your privacy," following the recent confusion regarding changes to its privacy policy last month.
"WhatsApp is now on Status," the message begins.
==========
"We'll let you know about new features and updates here.
One thing that isn't new is our commitment to your privacy.
==========
WhatsApp can't read or...
More Than a Dozen Apps With 'Misleading or Flat-Out Inaccurate' Privacy Labels Found on App Store
Last month, Apple introduced privacy labels on the App Store, providing users with a broad overview of the data types an app may collect, and whether the information is used to track them or is linked to their identity or device.
Apple has required developers to provide this privacy information when submitting new apps and app updates to the App Store since early December, but the labels...
Apple CEO Tim Cook: Privacy is 'One of the Top Issues of the Century'
Thursday January 28, 2021 3:23 pm PST by Juli Clover
Apple CEO Tim Cook this morning spoke at the virtual Computers, Privacy, and Data Protection conference where he discussed Facebook's business model and Apple's upcoming enforcement of App Tracking Transparency, and afterwards, he elaborated on some of his speech in an interview with Fast Company.
Cook said that privacy is "one of the top issues of the century" and that it's important to put ...
Apple CEO Tim Cook to Speak at EU Data Protection Conference This Thursday
Apple CEO Tim Cook will speak at the EU Computers, Privacy, and Data Protection (CPDP) conference later this week (via Macerkopf).
CPDP is a Brussels-based non-profit platform founded in 2007 by a group of European universities.
==========
The conference offers an insight into legal, regulatory, academic, and technological development in privacy and data protection, and seeks to discuss emerging...
There's Still No Sign of Privacy Labels for Most Google iOS Apps
Wednesday January 20, 2021 11:46 am PST by Juli Clover
As of December 8, Apple has been requiring developers submitting new apps and app updates to provide privacy label information that outlines the data that each app collects from users when it is installed.
Many app developers, such as Facebook, have complied and now include the privacy labels alongside their apps, but there's one notable outlier -- Google.
==========
Google has not updated its major ...
WhatsApp Affirms User Privacy Following Backlash Over Data Sharing With Facebook
Following backlash after changing its terms and privacy policy to consolidate a significant amount of data sharing with Facebook, WhatsApp is now assuring users about the privacy measures built into its app.
Last week, WhatsApp began informing users of updates to the app's terms of service and privacy policy.
The updated agreements, which users must consent to in order to continue using...
Mandatory WhatsApp Privacy Policy Update Allows User Data to be Shared With Facebook
WhatsApp's latest terms and privacy policy allows the popular messaging app to share a significant amount of user data with Facebook (via XDA Developers).
WhatsApp users are today receiving an in-app notice informing them about the app's updated terms of service and privacy policy.
The notice gives an overview of the main three updates, covering how WhatsApp processes user data, how...
Google Planning to Update iOS Apps With Privacy Labels Soon
Tuesday January 5, 2021 3:29 pm PST by Juli Clover
Earlier today, Fast Company shared an article noting that Google has yet to update its iPhone and iPad apps to bring them in line with Apple's new App Store privacy labels requirement.
Fast Company speculated that Google might be trying to delay revealing its privacy label data, but it turns out that's not the case.
According to a report from TechCrunch, Google is not taking a stand against...
==========
