Personal Information
When you visit or use our online services, we may collect personal information from or about you such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number(s), account numbers, limited location information (for example, a zip code to help you find a nearby ATM), user name and password.
We may also collect payment card information, social security numbers, driver’s license numbers (or comparable) when you provide such information while using our online services and where we believe it is reasonably required for ordinary business purposes.
Usage and Other Information
In addition to the personal information described above, we may collect certain information about your use of our online services.
For example, we may capture the IP address of the device you use to connect to the online service, the type of operating system and browser you use, and information about the site you came from, the parts of our online service you access, and the site you visit next.
We or our third-party partners may also use cookies, web beacons or other technologies to collect and store other information about your visit to, or use of, our online services.
In addition, we may later associate the usage and other information we collect online with personal information about you.
==========
Chase Mobile
For your convenience, Chase offers you the ability to access some of our products and services through mobile applications and mobile-optimized websites (“Chase Mobile”).
When you interact with us through Chase Mobile, we may collect information such as unique device identifiers for your mobile device, your screen resolution and other device settings, information about your location, and analytical information about how you use your mobile device.
We may ask your permission before collecting certain information (such as precise geo-location information) through Chase Mobile.
Additional Sources of Information
We may also collect information about you from additional online and offline sources including from co-branded partner sites or commercially available third-party sources, such as credit reporting agencies.
We may combine this information with the personal and other information we have collected about you under this Online Privacy Policy.
==========
