Mobile Apps Policy

In addition to the terms of the NBCUniversal Privacy Policy available here this Mobile Apps policy explains how NBCUniversal may process personal information for online services accessed from mobile devices (“Mobile Apps”).
This applies to all NBCUniversal Mobile Apps that link to this policy.
Please note that this is a general overview of what may be processed and additional specific notices and terms will be applied within specific Mobile Apps where appropriate and/or required by law.
==========
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW USED



We have set out the types of information we collect and how it is used below.
The information collected will depend on the functionality of the specific Mobile App you are using and additional information may be collected through the Mobile App as specified in the Mobile App.
Type of information
How is it used?
Unique Device Identifier 
A unique device identifier is a number automatically assigned to the device you use to access the online services.
We may associate the device identifier with other information and will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this policy for as long as it is combined.
==========
Location information
When you use one of our location-enabled services, we may collect and process information about your actual location.
Some Mobile Apps and other online services require your location information for the feature to work.
Where a Mobile App does collect precise information about the location of your device it will be used to provide requested location services, and, depending on the particular Mobile App it may be used, amongst other uses to allow tagging or to check-in.
Please see inside the Mobile App for information about how to opt out of providing location information or contact privacy@nbcuni.com.The location-based services offered in connection with our Mobile Apps are for individual use only and should not be used or relied on as an emergency locator system, used while driving or operating vehicles, or used in connection with any hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, or any other situation in which the failure or inaccuracy of use of the location-based services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or property damage.
The location-based services are not suited or intended for family finding purposes, fleet tracking, or any other type of business or enterprise use – other products exist today that may be used specifically for these purposes.
==========
Log Information
When you use the Mobile App or view content on our websites we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs including but not limited to internet protocol (IP) addresses, device information, internet service provider (ISP), clickstream data, browser type and language, viewed and exit pages and date or time stamps.
We may use log information as specifically indicated in the Mobile App, as well as to assess the performance of our Mobile App or other online services, prevent fraud, provide technical support and/or respond to your needs.
We may also use this information to personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some Mobile Apps.
Unique Mobile App numbers
When you install or uninstall a Mobile App containing a unique Mobile App number, or when such a service searches for automatic updates, that number and information about your installation, for example, the type of operating system, may be sent to us.
We may use the Unique Mobile App numbers as specifically indicated in the Mobile App, as well as to assess the performance of our Mobile App or other online services, prevent fraud, provide technical support, conduct research, generate analytics, to address internal online services operations, and/or respond to your needs.
We may also use this information to personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some Mobile Apps.
Information you submit through the Mobile App
When you register with us and use a Mobile App, you may provide (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use Mobile Apps from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Mobile App; and (e) information you enter into our system when using the Mobile App, such as contact information.
We may also use the information you provided us, in accordance with applicable laws, to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Information we may collect through the Mobile App 
Subject to the functionality of a particular Mobile App we may also collect additional information through your use of a Mobile App including (a) your mobile phone number, (b) any name you might have assigned to your device; (c) contacts/address book; (d) web browsing history; (e) information concerning other apps you have downloaded or used; (f) other stored information on your device such as videos, photos, photo location, audio, calendar, passwords, dialer, microphone and/or social network credentials.
We may use information collected through the Mobile App as specifically indicated in the Mobile App, as well as to assess the performance of our Mobile App or other online services, prevent fraud, provide technical support, conduct research, generate analytics, to address internal online services operations, and/or respond to your needs.
==========
We may also use this information to personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some Mobile Apps.
This information may be collected via the use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies.
For more information about the use of cookies and similar technology please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies Policy .
HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION



Subject to applicable laws and the terms of our Full Privacy Policy,  we may share your usage and personal information with operating systems, carriers and platform providers and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties, as well as any other entities described in any particular Mobile App.
AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION AND ADVERTISING



Some online services, including Mobile Apps, may be supported via advertising, and collect data to help the online service serve ads.
==========
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the online service is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage.
We may work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the online service which helps us keep the cost of online services low or free.
We may also work with consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you.
==========
For information about your choices relating to these activities, see Cookies and Tracking Technologies.
Where required by applicable law we provide online visitors with access to personal information they provide through online services and the ability to review, update and correct it as and when necessary.
Such requests may be subject to a small fee.
==========
To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information.
In addition to the options provided by your mobile operating systems you may opt out of processing of personal information on Mobile Apps as follows:

Uninstalling the Mobile App – you can stop all collection of information by the Mobile App easily by uninstalling the Mobile App.
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the Mobile App marketplace or network;
Opt-out of advertising – see inside the Mobile App or contact privacy@nbcuni.com for information about how to opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers.
Note that the effect of opting out of targeted advertising will be to prevent advertising but information may still be collected for other purposes (such as research, online services analytics or internal operations); 

Opt-out of location data – Go to “settings” on your mobile device to opt-out of the collection of location data, or contact privacy@nbcuni.com for information about how to opt-out from allowing us to have further access to your location data.
Please include as much detail as possible when you make a request.
For any queries in relation to this Mobile Apps Policy please contact us at privacy@nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Compliance Department, 100 Universal City Plaza, 1280, Universal City, California, 91608-1002, US.
For enquiries from outside of the US please contact us at privacy@nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK.
==========
