This agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into by and between you ("you") and Topix LLC, d/b/a Topix.net, (hereinafter referred to as "Topix.net") regarding your use of the Topix.net service (the "Service").
By using the Service, you are entering into this Agreement with Topix.net and indicating that you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
If you do not agree with these terms and conditions as originally stated, please do not use the Service.
In addition, when using particular Topix.net owned or operated services, you and Topix.net shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted from time to time.
All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new Topix.net properties, shall be subject to the Agreement.
==========
Priority.
This Agreement, in combination with Topix.net's Privacy Policy (available at http://www.topix.net/topix/privacy), sets forth the terms and conditions under which Topix.net makes the Service available to you.
In the event of an inconsistency between this Agreement and Topix.net's Privacy Policy, this Agreement shall control.
==========
Rights Associated with the Service.
The Service is designed to help you find news information that resides on both Topix.net and on sites not owned or controlled by Topix.net.
In particular, the Service provides brief descriptions of news stories to help you identify the stories of interest to you.
When you select a story that appears to be interesting, you will be linked to either a Topix.net page that contains the full story or to the news site on which that story appears.
Topix.net owns and retains all intellectual property rights to the Service; but Topix.net does not claim ownership rights to the full news stories, which are instead held by the sites to which the Service links or other third party providers.
The stories displayed as results, or linked to, by the Service are developed by people over whom Topix.net exercises no control.
==========
The results that appear from Topix.net's indices are indexed by Topix.net's automated machinery and computers, and Topix.net cannot and does not screen the sites before including them in the indices from which such automated search results are gathered.
As a result, the Service may display results and links to sites that some people find objectionable, inappropriate, or offensive.
We cannot guarantee that a Topix.net page will not include unintended or objectionable content.
Topix.net assumes no responsibility or liability under any circumstances for the content of any site included in any search results or otherwise linked to by the Service.
==========
Registration.
When you register on Topix.net, you must provide true, accurate and complete registration information.
As part of the registration process, you will be asked to select a username and password and you will be responsible for all activities occurring under your username and for keeping your password secure.
==========
To comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, at this time Topix.net is only available to users who are at least 13 years old.
If you are under 13, you may not register to use Topix.net service.
Use of the Service.
==========
You may only display the content of the Service for your own personal use (i.e., non-commercial use) and may not otherwise copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any content.
For example, you may not do any of the following: use the Service to sell a product or service; use the Service to increase traffic to your Web site for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales; take the results from the Service and reformat and display them, or mirror any portion of the results on your Web site; or use the Service as part of a "meta-search" offering.
You also agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automated device, or manual process to monitor or copy any content from the Service.
If you are uncertain whether your intended use of the Service is permissible, please contact us.
In addition, Topix.net shall have the right in its sole discretion to suspend or terminate the Service or your access to it.
==========
Content.
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated.
This means that you, and not Topix.net, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service.
In this regard, you understand that Topix.net does not monitor or control the content of information posted by others, and instead simply provides a service by allowing users to access information that has been made available.
Because Topix.net does not control the Content posted via the Service, Topix does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.
You acknowledge that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable.
Under no circumstances will Topix.net be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
In addition, you agree to not use the Service to:

upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
harm minors in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Topix.net official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as shopping) that are designated for such purpose.
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another; and/or
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that violates the Fair Housing Act by stating, in any notice or ad for the sale or rental of any dwelling, a discriminatory preference based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status or handicap (or violates any state or local law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of these or other characteristics);
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, misinformative, or constitutes "bait and switch";
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that advertises any illegal service or the sale of any items the sale of which is prohibited or restricted by any applicable law, including without limitation items the sale of which is prohibited or regulated by California law.
==========
collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs a through q above.
You acknowledge and understand that Topix.net may or may not pre-screen Content, but that Topix.net and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content for any reason, including for example, content that is available via the Service.
Without limiting the foregoing, Topix.net and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.
In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by Topix.net or submitted to Topix.net, including without limitation information in Topix.net message boards and in all other parts of the Service.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Topix.net has the right to access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce this Agreement; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Topix.net, its users and the public.
==========
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You understand that the Service and software embodied within the Service may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by Topix.net and/or content providers who provide content to the Service.
You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Service.
Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Service, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
==========
You agree that Topix.net has no responsibility or liability for the maintained or transmitted by the Service.
You acknowledge that Topix.net reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.
You further acknowledge that Topix.net reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.
You agree that Topix.net may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your Topix.net account and access to the Service.
==========
Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the TOS or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Service (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, (g) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, and/or (h) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Services.
Termination of your Topix.net account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings within the Service, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring of further use of the Service.
Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in Topix.net's sole discretion and that Topix.net shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Service.
==========
Content Submitted for Inclusion.
Topix.net does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service.
However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you grant Topix.net a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive perpetual, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
"Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas of the Topix.net network of properties that are intended by Topix.net to be available to the general public, including, without limitation, message boards, story submissions and/or all other areas of the site accessible by the general public.
==========
Disclaimer of Warranties.
Topix.net disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness, legality, reliability, or operability or availability of information or material displayed by using the Service.
Topix.net disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, misdelivery, or untimely delivery of any information or material, including without limitation any user generated content.
Topix.net disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material on the Internet through the Service.
THE TOPIX.NET SERVICE, AND ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER.
BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.
==========
TOPIX.NET AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE.
TOPIX.NET AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES FOR ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE.
TOPIX.NET AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SERVICE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED BY THE SERVICE, AS WELL AS FOR ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED IN THE SERVICE.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIAL OR DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA.
SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE AND JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.
==========
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL TOPIX.NET OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO ANY USER ON ACCOUNT OF THAT USER'S USE OR MISUSE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICE ARISING FROM ANY CLAIM RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.
SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO PREVENT RECOVERY OF DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, (EVEN IF TOPIX.NET OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES).
SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF AND RELIANCE ON THE SERVICE, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, OR FROM THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, OR TERMINATION OF THE SERVICE (INCLUDING SUCH DAMAGES INCURRED BY THIRD PARTIES).
THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SERVICE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED IN THE SERVICE, AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SERVICE OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED IN THE SERVICE.
THIS LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO THE COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA.
SUCH LIMITATION SHALL FURTHER APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY INFORMATION OR MERCHANDISE THAT APPEARS ON, OR IS LINKED OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO, THE SERVICE.
==========
SUCH LIMITATION SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Topix.net or its licensors be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of third parties, or loss of or fluctuations in heat, light, or air conditioning.
==========
Requests for Removal of Links or Cached Materials.
Topix.net occasionally receives requests from people to remove links from its indices.
Although Topix.net reserves the right to address such requests individually, the general approach that Topix.net takes reflects the following principles:
Topix.net's indices consist of information that has been identified, indexed and compiled through an automated process with no advance review by human beings.
Given the enormous volume of web site information added, deleted, and changed on a frequent basis, Topix.net cannot and does not screen anything made available through its indices.
For each web site reflected in Topix.net's indices, if either (i) a site owner restricts access to his or her web site or (ii) a site is taken down from the web, then, upon receipt of a request by the site owner or a third party in the second instance, Topix.net would consider on a case-by-case basis requests to remove the link to that site from its indices.
However, if the operator of the site does not take steps to prevent it, the automatic facilities used to create the indices are likely to find that site and index it again in a relatively short amount of time.
==========
Hold Harmless and Indemnity.
You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Topix.net, and its employees, agents and representatives, from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of the Service, including any without limitation any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of this Agreement, or your violation of any rights of another.
The foregoing includes, without limitation, indemnity for any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys' fees, of every kind and nature.
In such a case, Topix.net will provide you with written notice of such claim, suit or action.
==========
Release and Waiver.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby release, and waive all claims against Topix.net and its employees and agents from any and all liability for claims, damages (actual and consequential), costs and expenses (including litigation costs and attorneys' fees) of every kind and nature, arising out of or in any way connected with use of the Service.
If you are a California resident, you waive your rights under California Civil Code ยง 1542, which states, "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
Residents of other states and nations similarly waive their rights under applicable and/or analogous laws, statutes, or regulations.
Modifications of Terms.
Topix.net shall have the right to modify the terms of this Agreement at any time, which modification shall be effective immediately upon posting.
==========
Accordingly, we suggest that you check this page periodically.
To make your review more convenient, we will post a version number or date at the bottom of this page.
Intellectual Property Policy.
Topix LLC respects the intellectual property rights of others and endeavors to comply with all applicable US laws regarding intellectual property.
Accordingly, it is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Further, Topix's policy is to provide attribution for the content available on the Service by linking to the source of the content.
For directions and more information, please click here.
For information regarding our trademark compliance procedure, please click here.
==========
RSS Content/Iframe.
Topix.net offers RSS format feeds for each of our topical news pages, other than the front page.
Access is via the XML button located on the upper right hand corner on each such page.
Attribution (included in each feed) is required as set forth below.
Topix.net also offers syndication of its headlines for each of our topical news pages, other than the front page.
Access is via the "Add Headlines" link located on each page.
The RSS feeds and the Iframe syndication are provided free of charge for use by individuals and non-profit organizations for personal, non-commercial uses.
In both cases, we require that you provide attribution to Topix.net.
In connection with the RSS feed, if you provide this attribution in text, please use: "News on [name of page] from Topix.net" and a hyperlink to the Topix.net source page.
If you would prefer to provide this attribution with a graphic, please contact us so that we may provide you with the Topix.net logo.
Topix.net attribution is built into the Iframe graphics, which attribution may not be edited, altered, or removed.
We reserve all rights in and to the Topix.net name and logo, and your right to use the Topix.net name or logo is limited to providing attribution in connection with these RSS feeds and Iframe.
We are also including the provider of each individual news story in the feed alongside each headline, along with a hyperlink to that site.
Please do not alter this for display.
We want our news providers to be not only attributed for their work but also receive the traffic from those interested in reading a particular story.
Topix.net also reserves the right to require you to cease utilizing either the RSS feed and/or the Iframe at any time for any reason.
==========
Miscellaneous.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.
Topix.net's failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive Topix.net's right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
The failure of Topix.net to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
The section headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement are included for convenience only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the terms of this Agreement.
This agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California as if made in California by two residents of that state.
==========
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association.
Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party.
The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and unappealable.
The arbitration shall be conducted in Palo Alto, California and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Topix.net may at any time seek injunctions or other forms of equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction.
==========
Notwithstanding any provision hereof, for all purposes of this Agreement each party shall be and act as an independent contractor and not as partner, joint venture, agent, employee or employer of the other and shall not bind nor attempt to bind the other to any contract.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Topix.net and you with respect to the subject matter hereof.
You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement.
==========
