This privacy policy applies only to the websites controlled by Discovery Communications, LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities ("Discovery," "we" or "us") where this privacy policy is posted (collectively, the "Sites").
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline.
BY USING THE SITES, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES.
A. Information Collected
This privacy policy applies only to information collected on the Sites and does not apply to information collected by Discovery through any other means.
For details on the information collected and used from children under the age of 13, click here.
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites: (1) Personally Identifiable Information; and (2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as your IP address or cookies.
(1) Personally Identifiable Information
"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name.
Discovery collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us.
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites:
We may collect your email address, first and last name and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter;
We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question;
We may collect your first and last name, date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes; and
We may collect your first and last name, your address, and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product at the Discovery Store.
==========
The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites.
If you do not want Discovery to collect your personally identifiable information, please do not provide it to us.
(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
"Non-Personally Identifiable Information" can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as your age, gender or interests.
Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally.
Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used:
Internet Protocol (IP) address -- Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the webpages you view.
==========
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.
Cookie -- A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites.
For example, when someone visits a page within the Sites, a cookie is placed on the user's machine (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites.
Web Beacons (also known as "clear gifs," "web bugs" or "pixel tags") -- "Web Beacons" are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.
When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.
==========
Demographic Information -- "Demographic Information" may be your gender, age, zip code and interests, which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites.
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs.
For example, we offer personalized TV schedule listings and program reminders for Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet, Discovery Health Channel or any of our other TV offerings if you tell us which programs and topics you're interested in.
==========
Please note that we also consider aggregated information, which is not personally identifiable, to be non-personally identifiable information.
The above list provides an example of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites.
B. Use of Information Collected Via the Sites
(1) Personally Identifiable Information We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on these Sites primarily for the following purposes:
To deliver services, such as educational programs, information, newsletters or software you request or purchase;
To alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from Discovery, or other third parties, or to forward promotional materials;
To complete a transaction or service requested by you;
To fulfill the terms of a promotion;
To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you;
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy or the Visitor Agreement, if necessary;
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites; and
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or Order Inquiry.
(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws, including combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information (except with respect to non-personally identifiable information collected from children under the age of 13).
C. Sharing and Disclosure of Information
(1) Personally Identifiable Information We may share or disclose your personall
==========
