Skip to main content Accessibility Help
California Consumer Privacy Act

If you are a California resident, you should review the information on this page carefully in addition to our Privacy Policy.
If you are not a California resident, you may disregard the information on this page as it does not apply to you.
“Shine the Light" Law
California residents may request certain information regarding the disclosure by Drizly of their personal information to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes.
Any such requests should be sent to privacy@drizly.com, with the subject line “California Resident Disclosure Request."
Requests should include your full name and address.
==========
California Consumer Privacy Act
California consumers have certain rights and are entitled to certain disclosures pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, California Civil Code Sections 1798.100-1798.199 (“CCPA").
We have outlined them below and included references to the applicable section of the CCPA.
Please note that the CCPA contains limitations that may affect your exercise of these rights.
==========
Consumer Rights under CCPA
Right to Request Disclosure of Personal Information Collected.
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects a consumer's personal information disclose to that consumer the categories and specific pieces of personal information the business has collected.
(CCPA 1798.100(a), 1798.110(c)(5) and 1798.130(a)(5)(A))

Right to Request Deletion.
==========
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which the business has collected from the consumer.
(CCPA 1798.105(a))

Right to Request Disclosure of Personal Information Collected, Sources, Purposes for Collection or Sale and Third Parties with whom Shared.
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the following:
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer in the preceding 12 months.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
==========
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
(CCPA 1798.110(a)-(b) and 1798.130(a)(3))

Right to Request Disclosure of Personal Information Collected, Sold and Disclosed and Third Parties to whom Sold.
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that sells the consumer's personal information, or that discloses it for a business purpose, disclose to that consumer:
The categories of personal information that the business collected about the consumer.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer in the preceding 12 months and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold in the preceding 12 months, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
(CCPA 1798.115(a)-(b) and 1798.130(a)(4))

Right of Non-Discrimination.
A business shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer's rights under this title, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to the consumer.
==========
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer.
Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
==========
(CCPA 1798.125(a))
Drizly's Disclosures under CCPA
The categories of personal information Drizly has collected about consumers in the preceding 12 months are as follows:
Identifiers such as name, address, date of birth, telephone number and email address
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet and other electronic network activity information such as your interaction with our website and applications
Geolocation data
Inferences drawn from the information identified above reflecting the consumer's preferences
(CCPA 1798.110(c) and 1798.130(a)(5)(B))

The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected are as follows:
Consumers themselves
For gift recipients, from gift senders
Third party platforms through which consumers choose to login
Retailers with whom consumers choose to transact through our marketplace
Public records
Fraud detection service providers
Information vendors
(CCPA 1798.110(c) and 1798.130(a)(5)(B))

The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting or selling personal information are as follows:
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance applicable legal standards
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, facilitating orders and transactions, verifying customer information, Advertising and marketing and analytics
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality and safety of the service, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service
Drizly has not sold consumers' personal information in the preceding 12 months.
(CCPA 1798.110(c) and 1798.130(a)(5)(B))

Drizly has not shared personal information with third parties in the preceding 12 months.
(CCPA 1798.110(c) and 1798.130(a)(5)(B))

Drizly has not sold consumers' personal information in the preceding 12 months.
(CCPA 1798.115(c)(1) and 1798.130(a)(5)(C)(i))

The category or categories of consumers' personal information Drizly has disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months are as follows:
Identifiers such as name, address, date of birth, telephone number and email address
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet and other electronic network activity information such as your interaction with our website and applications
Geolocation data
Inferences drawn from the information identified above reflecting the consumer's preferences
(CCPA 1798.115(c)(2) and 1798.130(a)(5)(C)(ii))
If you have any questions about the information presented here, or would like to submit a request, please complete and submit this Request Form, or email privacy@drizly.com, with the subject line CCPA.
Additional information about the CCPA may also be available from the State of California Department of Justice.
Last updated: January 1, 2020
==========
