General Site Disclaimer
Copyright
Links to Third Party Information
Trademark
Privacy Statement
Freedom of Information Act
General Site Disclaimer
To the fullest extent permitted at law, the University of Birmingham is providing this website, its contents and its online payment facility on an "as is" basis and makes no (and expressly disclaims all) representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to this website or the information, content, products or services included in this site including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In addition, the University of Birmingham does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this web site is accurate, complete or current.
In no circumstances, to the fullest extent permitted at law, shall the University of Birmingham nor or any of its officers or employees be liable for any loss, additional costs or damage howsoever arising suffered as a result of any use of this web site or the information, content, or products.
==========
Copyright
All aspects of the University of Birmingham website design, text, graphics and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on this website are copyright the University of Birmingham and its affiliates, or their content and technology providers.
The University of Birmingham grants permission for the browsing of material it has published on its website pages.
It also grants permission to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions one copy only of any page of this material for personal reference only.
Copyright in all material on this website (unless otherwise indicated) is held by the University of Birmingham.
The express permission of the Copyright holder must be obtained for any use of this material other than for purposes permitted by law.
==========
Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of the University of Birmingham online payment or online donation facility for the sole purpose of placing an order with the University of Birmingham.
Links to Third Party Information
The University of Birmingham website links to many third party information providers who are not affiliated with the University of Birmingham.
The University of Birmingham does not endorse any of these sites, nor the information or merchandise contained or offered by these sites.
The University of Birmingham has not taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained in such third parties' websites, and does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, personal information) you might be requested to give any third party.
You are strongly encouraged to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
All aspects of these links including, without limitation, text, and graphics, and links, are provided on an "as is" basis with no warranties of any kind.
In no event shall the University be liable for any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, costs of procurement of substitute goods or services, lost profits, lost data, or any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages related to the use, inability to use, performance or non-performance of the information or merchandise offered by such third party sites, even if the University of Birmingham has been advised previously of the possibility of such losses or damages.
Trademarks
The University of Birmingham, is a registered trademark of the University of Birmingham.
Other product and company names mentioned on this website may be the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
==========
Privacy Statement
At the University of Birmingham we recognise that your personal privacy is a serious and important issue and we support the principle of protecting privacy on the Internet within the context of current UK legislation.
This privacy policy explains how we treat your personal information.
By using the University of Birmingham web site you consent to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
Though the policy has been developed to take account of changes in Internet technology it is subject to change and any such changes will only be notified on this page.
The processing of personal data is regulated by the Data Protection Act 1998.
Any requests by individuals for access to information held about them by the University should be made in writing to the Data Protection Officer, The University of Birmingham, Edgbaston, Birmingham, B15 2TT, UK.
==========
The statutory fee (currently £10) is payable
What information is collected?
In order to use the main web site at the University of Birmingham, you are currently not required to register or provide any personal information about yourself.
Any personal information collected from visitors to our website is on a purely voluntary basis, however by supplying the information you are consenting to the University keeping it for a reasonable period of time and using it for the purposes set out below.
On occasions we may ask you to provide some limited personal information about yourself to participate in services such as the Alumni email directory or the University e-payment facility.
This information may include your name, title, institutional affiliation, address, telephone number and email address.
It may be stored electronically or manually by the University.
Credit card information to be added (we do not envisage our 3rd party e-commerce provider keeping any personal information on file)
When you use the University of Birmingham site we automatically issue your computer with a small piece of code (a 'cookie') that enables the web pages to be displayed correctly, and the information the cookie provides allows us to manage and improve the services on the website - this cookie does not however contain any personally identifying information.
When you view our web pages as with most other websites, our webservers build logs of activity which contain information about your location in the world and even your computers IP address.
In addition on some pages small visible graphics are used to build and enhance this logging system.
==========
What we do with the information?
Any personal information that you provide to us will only be used for the purpose stated at the time we request it.
We will not sell, license or trade your personal information to others.
We do not provide your personal information to direct marketing companies or other such organisations.
Personal information provided by you, and any other information relating to you, will be held by the University of Birmingham and may be used for its own marketing purposes, or occasionally shared with other organisations in the prevention of fraud.
Using the logging data we analyse demographic and other statistical information about user behaviour to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of our site.
In performing such analysis and in the course of our business we will only ever disclose such information in an aggregated form that is not capable of identifying an individual user.
Any questions?
If you have any queries or concerns about privacy on the University of Birmingham website please contact us at webteam@contacts.bham.ac.uk
==========
