Sectigo CCPA Privacy Notice for California ResidentsEffective Date: January 1, 2020Last Reviewed on: January 6, 2020This CCPA Privacy Notice for California Residents (this “Privacy Notice”) supplements the information contained in Sectigo’s Privacy Policy (https://sectigo.com/privacy-policy) and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”).
We adopt this Privacy Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice.
All other terms, unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Notice, shall have the definitions assigned to them in the Privacy Policy This Privacy Notice does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals.Where noted in this Privacy Notice, the CCPA temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (“B2B personal information”) from some its requirements.INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”).
Personal information does not include:Publicly available information from government records.Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:Category Examples Collected A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
==========
YES B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
==========
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
==========
NO D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
==========
YES E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
==========
YES G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO I. Professional or employment-related information.
==========
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
==========
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
==========
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from you (e.g. from forms you complete; from products and services you purchase).
Indirectly from you (e.g. from your employer; observing your actions on one of our websites or in your Account).
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.
If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.
We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.To provide, support, personalize, and develop our websites, products, and services.To create, maintain, customize, and secure your Account.To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our websites’ users is among the assets transferred.We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.
==========
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:Service providers.Our affiliates.DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSEIn the preceding twelve (12) months, Sectigo has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:Category A: Identifiers.Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.Category D: Commercial Information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:Service providers.Our affiliates.SALES OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn the preceding twelve (12) months, Sectigo has not sold personal information.YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICESThe CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information.
This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.ACCESS TO SPECIFIC INFORMATION AND DATA PORTABILITY RIGHTSYou have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTS), we will disclose to you:The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.We do not provide these access and data portability rights for B2B personal information.DELETION REQUEST RIGHTSYou have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTS), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et.
seq.).
==========
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information.EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTSTo exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMATWe endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.
If we require more time (up to 45 or 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.NON-DISCRIMINATIONWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
==========
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects.
==========
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.OTHER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSCalifornia’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@sectigo.com.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICEWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time.
When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will post the updated Privacy Notice on the Website and update the Privacy Notice effective date.
Your continued use of our websites following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which Sectigo collects and uses your information described here and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:Phone: (888) 266-6361Website: www.sectigo.com Email: privacy@sectigo.com Postal Address:Sectigo, Inc. c/o Sectigo LimitedAttn: Legal Department5 Becker Farm Road, Suite 300Roseland, NJ 07068United States
==========
