Disclosure to Affiliates: Personal Data collected by this Site may be shared with our affiliates which include other entities owned or controlled by NBCUniversal Media, LLC ("NBCUniversal").
We reserve the right to share both Personal Data with our affiliates.
If you do not want us to share your Personal Data with our affiliated companies for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out of such sharing by contacting us at customercare@support.cnbc.com (see “Your Choices” below)Disclosure to Third Parties: CNBC, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing wireless services, mailing information and processing payments.
When we employ a third party to perform these functions, that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Data it needs to perform its function, and is required to protect the Personal Data.
With your consent, we may also share Personal Data with pre-screened third parties for their marketing or promotional purposes.
==========
We will provide you with an opportunity to elect or decline these services or opportunities (see “Your Choices” below).
In the event you have elected to “unsubscribe” from any of our services, we will share your Personal Data with third parties with whom we jointly offer such services solely to the extent necessary to ensure that your request not to receive such communications is honored.
In addition, for third-party sponsored sweepstakes, contests or promotions, we may request Personal Data from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request.
When you register on the Site you will be able to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing on the Member Center page.Disclosure to Others: In addition, we may disclose Personal Data without providing you with a choice under the following limited circumstances to: (1) protect the legal rights, privacy or safety of CNBC, or its subsidiaries, affiliates or its or their employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) enforce our Terms of Service; or (7) comply with the law or legal process.If NBCUniversal or CNBC sells all or part of this Site or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, we may, in our sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign your Personal Data to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction.
Upon such transfer, the Privacy Policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Data.
==========
