Consumer Privacy Statement


THE WRITERS NETWORK at Pronto.com, an IAC Company


	 Pronto LLC, a wholly owned IAC company, owns and operates The Writers Network which operates www.writersnetwork.com, www.homeandgardenideas.com, www.moneyandbusiness.com, www.beautyandstyle.com, www.sportsandfitnessideas.com and www.informationvine.com.
IAC includes over 60 brands including, in addition to Pronto, Ask.com, Match.com, Citysearch, UrbanSpoon, ServiceMagic, Dictionary.com and many others.
For a list of all of IAC's businesses, please visit www.iac.com.
In order to help customers clearly understand our data collection and use practices, IAC has decided to have its businesses follow a standard set of privacy practices and use a standard format to describe their privacy practices.
The following Consumer Privacy statement applies to all IAC businesses.
In addition, Pronto LLC has implemented this Privacy Policy for www.writersnetwork.com, www.homeandgardenideas.com, www.moneyandbusiness.com, www.beautyandstyle.com, www.sportsandfitnessideas.com and www.informationvine.com consistent with the IAC privacy commitment and standard privacy policy format.
Please review both this Consumer Privacy statement and this web site's complete privacy policy.
At IAC, we respect the privacy of our users and the importance of the information they entrust to us.
We summarize below the basic information policies and practices in place on all IAC websites.
To read the entire Privacy Policy for The Writers Network and its operated sites, please see below.
Information we may collect  |  Read More Below


	 We may collect information that can identify you ("personal information"), such as your name and email address, (i) when you (or other users) provide it to us when using our website or in some other manner, or (ii) from other IAC businesses, from our business partners, and from other third parties.
==========
We may combine the personal information that we receive from different sources.
We also may collect other types of information in the following ways when you visit our website:


	 Our server logs automatically collect information, such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users' movements around our site and understand trends.
We may assign your computer one or more cookies to the relevant section of the Privacy Policy which may collect information to facilitate access to our website and to personalize your online experience.
We may use standard Internet tools, such as web beacons which collect information that tracks your use of our website and enables us to customize our services and advertisements.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Should we ever do so, we will comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
==========
Information others may collect  |  Read More Below
 We may allow third-party advertising companies or ad networks to display advertisements on our websites.
We do not provide any personal information to these companies.
These companies may use tracking tools, such as cookies to collect information about computers used to view or interact with their advertisements.
Some of these companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers consumers the ability to opt out of ad targeting by all member companies.
If you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using our website, please note that we cannot control who reads your postings or what they do with the information you provide.
We encourage you to use caution in posting personal information.
==========
How we may use information we collect  |  Read More Below We may use information to:
Fulfill your requests for products and services;
Offer products and services that may be of interest to you;
Customize the advertising and content that you see on our website;
Facilitate use of our website;
Manage your account and your preferences;
Analyze use of and improve our website, products and services;
Identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of our website; and
Enforce our Terms of Service.
With whom we may share information we collect  |  Read More Below
 We will not share your personal information with others except as indicated below, or except when we inform you in advance and give you the opportunity to opt out.
We may share personal information with:
Service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf;
Other IAC businesses; and
Other businesses with which we partner or which we carefully select to offer you products, services, and promotions through our website or offline.
We may share aggregated, non-personal information in any of the above situations and also with advertisers and others.Your choices  |  Read More Below
 You may choose:
Not to provide personal information, although that may result in your inability to obtain certain services or use certain features of our website;
To stop receiving promotional emails or newsletters from us by sending an email to the contact address at the bottom of this policy;
To delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings, although if you do so, some of the features or services of our website may not function properly;
To review and update your personal information by contacting us at the email address below or, if you have an online account on our website, by logging into that account.
Security  |
==========
