7.
Unauthorized Actions
The User has no right to:
7.1.
Use the Platform, Libraries, Blocks and Templates in a manner not provided directly by the Agreement.
7.2.
==========
Modify, adjust, transfer or create derivative products based on the Website and Library elements, or integrate the Website and Library elements in other copyright products;
7.3.
Attempt avoiding technical limits set by the Platform.
7.4.
Decompile, disassemble, decipher, or perform any other actions involving the source code of the Platform.
7.5.
Export the Website in violation of the provisions of the Agreement.
7.6.
Remove the "Made on Tilda" identifier from the Website, unless otherwise provided by the selected Tariff.
7.7.
Carry out any actions aimed at concealing the "Made on Tilda" identifier, including using the CSS-Code.
7.8.
Use the Platform and the Website to publish, distribute, store, transfer the Content in any form that:
a) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, defamatory, inciting to violence against any person or group of persons, or to inhuman treatment of animals; calls for committing illegal actions, including an explanation of the procedure of the use of explosives and other weapons; violates the generally accepted ethical and moral standards; promotes hatred and/or discrimination, or contains negative and critical statements regarding religion, politics, as well as political and public figures, electoral associations (political parties, organizations, movements, etc.) and other individuals, race, ethnicity, gender, personal features, abilities, sexual orientation and appearance of third parties, contains insults addressed to specific individuals or organizations;
b) can be seen as promoting certain political and religious beliefs, violence, drug use, alcohol, and smoking;
c) may be perceived as propaganda of political views, the main purpose of which is to distribute ideas and information aimed at forming particular attitudes, perceptions, the attractiveness of such ideas, opinions about the superiority of such political views or such political direction over others, and at the same time it is not aimed exclusively at informing the population about an organization, union, their structure, functions, activities, program, etc.;
d) contains public appeals to mass disorder, participation in mass events violating the established order, to carry out terrorist activities or publicly justifying terrorism, other extremist materials, false socially significant information distributed under the guise of reliable messages, which puts the public order and (or) public safety under threat of mass disruption;
e) violates the rights of minors;
f) violates the rights of third parties to their intellectual property and equivalent means of individualization, or the right to information qualified as the commercial secret; discredits honor or damages business reputation and dignity of third parties, or violates national and international law;
g) contains information which may not be disclosed;
h) contains malicious software (viruses, worms, Trojans, or any other computer codes, files, or programs) designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer or telecommunications equipment (or parts thereof), in order to obtain unauthorized access, or to gain access to commercial software products, by providing serial numbers of logins, passwords, programs for their generation and other means to gain unauthorized access to the paid content, as well as for publishing links to the information above;
i) is qualified as spam, i.e. mailing without consent of the recipient of any messages, whether commercial or not, in a form of (including, but not limited to): advertising products which turnover is prohibited or restricted in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation; messages containing social and/or religious or mystical content with a call for further distribution of such messages ("chain emails"); lists of other people’s email addresses; "pyramid schemes", multilevel marketing (MLM); referral links; online earnings systems and online businesses;
j) violates the law of the Russian Federation and international laws;
k) may be used for illegal collection, storage, and processing of personal data of any third parties;
l) contains advertisement and/or offers of spa salons providing erotic services or any other services of a kind.
7.9.
==========
Use the Platform and (or) the Website to:
a) disrupt the functioning of the Platform, including publishing elements that impede the exchange of information in real-time, open additional browser windows, substitute functional elements of the interface, etc.;
b) place links to resources if their content violates current Russian legislation and international laws;
c) disseminate false information regarding their involvement in the activities of the Administration and/or its partners;
d) contribute to any activities aimed at avoiding restrictions and bans imposed by the Agreement, or at violating current legislation;
е) create or publish sites of microfinance organizations or sites of any legal entities carrying out activities in the field of issuing credits and/or loans of any kind, entering into cash advance agreements, providing services equivalent to pawnshop activities, except for the credit institutions (banks) and pawnshops having all necessary licenses and/or other authorization documents.
Any such documents must be published by the User on the Website and remain accessible to the public;
f) create pages used exclusively to redirect to third parties websites;
g) use the account as a transfer account in order to bypass limitations set for the tariffs, including, but not limited to, for the purposes of making profit or deleting the "Made on Tilda" identifier and/or export the project to such transfer account.
7.10.
Change the domain name and/or copy and/or transfer to another account a website, the content and/or part of the content of which violates the provisions of the applicable law and/or the Agreement, and in relation to which a restriction and/or blocking is imposed, including for the purpose of bypassing the restriction and/or blocking of such website.
7.11.
Publish a website that has been banned on the territory of any state on the Platform.
==========
