Photobucket Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting Photobucket.com (the  "Site") and reviewing the Privacy Policy of Photobucket.com, Inc.
("Photobucket" or "we" or "us").
We are a company headquartered in the United States of America but our Site may be accessed in any country where it is legal to do so.Why Do We Collect & Process Information About You?We have a contractual right or obligationWhen you create an account on our Site, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our Terms of Use, a contract is formed between you and us.
In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us.
==========
Some of this information may be personal information.
We may use it in order to:verify your identity for security purposes;sell products and provide services to you.We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.
Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general and anonymous way and use it to monitor our performance with respect to a particular service we provide.
We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.We have your consentWhen you browse our Site, such as when you search and view user images or ask us to provide you more information about our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.
Wherever possible, we will attempt to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.
If you have given us explicit  permission to do so, we may from time to time provide your name and contact information to selected partners whom we believe may provide  services or products you would find useful.
Sometimes you may give implicit consent, such as when you send us a message through our support desk or by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally.
We may aggregate it in a general and anonymous way to do such things as monitor the performance of a particular page on our website.We continue to process your information on the above basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at support@photobucket.com.
==========
However, if you do so, you will not be able to use our Site or our services in the future.We have a legitimate reason to do soWe may process information on the basis there is a legitimate reason, either to you or to us, of doing so.
Where we process your information  on this basis, we do after having given consideration to:Whether the same objective could be achieved through other means;Whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm;Whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would reasonably expect us to do so.
For example, we may process your data on  this basis for the purposes of:record-keeping purposes;responding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you would expect a response;protecting and asserting our legal rights;protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so.We have a legal obligationWe will process your information when necessary to comply with a legal, statutory or administrative obligation.
==========
For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorization such as a search warrant or court order.
This may include your personal information.You have asked us to charge your preferred payment methodYour payment information is never taken by us or transferred to us either through our Site or otherwise.
Our employees and contractors never have access to it.
At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of Jet-Pay, Braintree, PayPal or some other  reputable payment service provider.
Their pages may be branded to look like a page on our Site, but are not controlled by us.You sent a message to our customer support teamWhen you contact us, whether through our website or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.
==========
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our company.
We may keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a high quality service.You have made a complaint or notified us of potential instances of copyright infringementWhen we receive a complaint or take down request, we record all the information you have given to us.
We use that information to resolve  your complaint or request.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person  some of the information contained in your complaint or request.
We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole  discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that  information is.
==========
We may also compile statistics showing information  obtained from this source on an anonymous basis to assess the level of service we provide.How Do We Collect Information Other Than When You Provide It To Us?CookiesCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you visit any website.
They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalized  experience and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser.
Others  last indefinitely.
==========
Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose.
It also should allow you to prevent or limit their use.Our Site uses cookies.
They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.
If you choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use through your browser settings, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our Site.
We use cookies in the following ways:Track how you use our Site;Record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our Site;Keep you signed in our Site;Record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our Site while you complete them.Personal identifiers obtained from browsingRequests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our Site are recorded.
==========
We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address.
We also record information about the software you are using to browse our Site, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution.
We use  this information in aggregate on an anonymous basis to assess the popularity of the webpages on our Site and how we perform in providing services to you.If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed into your user account on our Site.Our use of re-marketingRe-marketing involves placing a cookie on your computer when you browse our Site in order to be able to serve to you an advert for our products or services when you visit another website that is not owned or controlled by us.
==========
We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time.
If so, then if you have consented to our use of cookies by continuing to use our Site, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other websites.Information we obtain from third partiesAlthough, we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except  as set out in this notice), we sometimes receive data that is  indirectly made up from your personal information from third parties whose services we use.Third party advertising on our websiteThird parties advertise on our Site.
In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that  automatically collects information about you when their advertisement is displayed on our Site.
They may also use other technology such as  cookies or JavaScript to personalize the content of, and to measure the performance of their advertisements.
We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain.
Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.What Do We Do With Information We Collect on the Site?Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our Site.
==========
Our Site allows you to post images and information that, by the act of posting, you intend to be read, copied, downloaded, or used by other  people, such as:Tagging describing or commenting on images, whether such images are posted by you or someone else;Making comments on a forum;Clicking on an icon next to another user's image comment to convey your agreement, disagreement or thanks.
We will store your information and we reserve a right to use it in the future in any way we decide.When posting images or other personal information, it is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might use  it.
Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control over what any individual third party may do with it.
We accept no  responsibility for their actions at any time.At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our Site and accessing your user profile.You may send us a request at support@photobucket.com if you wish for us to remove your personal information.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion we may agree to your request to delete your personal information.
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action.
This is important to safeguard your information.
Such removal may make it impossible for you to continuing using the Site.Our Site is hosted in the United States of America.
If you are located in  the European Union, please be aware that your data will be processed  outside the European Union.How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data?Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us to:Provide you with the services you have requested;Comply with applicable law;Support a claim or defense in courtHow Do We Notify You Of Changes To This Policy?We may update this privacy policy from time to time as we may deem necessary.
The terms that apply to you are those posted here so please  check back often to view any changes.
Should we make any major changes to this privacy policy, we will endeavor to provide you with  notification via on Site messaging and/or by e-mail to e-mail address you provided to us when creating your user account.
We advise you to  print a copy for your records.How Do You Contact Us With Questions Or A Request?
If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: support@photobucket.com
==========
