Rezonence is serious about user privacy.
Read on to see how…
expand_more
Last updated April 2018
Background
Rezonence Limited, will be referred to herein as “Rezonence,” “we,” “us,” and “our.”
Rezonence serves and distributes advertising content online that may include video and display content.
Our clients are publishers and advertisers, we work with both parties to ensure that advertising is displayed on the websites owned or operated by the publishers we work with.
In this Privacy Policy, we will refer generally to the video and display ads and other content we serve as “Distributed Content” and the sites we work with in our publisher network which offer and display our clients’ as “Participant Sites.”
==========
If you do not agree to have your information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue use of any and all services provided by Rezonence.
By using any Rezonence site, you are consenting to the placing of cookies and other telecommunications tools on your device which allow Rezonence to collect certain information.
We provide more detail on this below.
==========
If you have any queries about how we collect or use data, please contact us at info@rezonence.com
All Participant Sites are operated or controlled by third parties, and the collection, use and disclosure of information collected by a Participant Site or other parties working with such site are governed by its or their privacy policies.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Participant Site or such other parties.
Rezonence is invested in complying with the GDPR in relation to a user’s interaction with Distributed Content on a Participant Site, or through the use of the Rezonence site or other services.
This Privacy Policy has been updated to reflect the changes imposed by the GDPR and is, to the best of our knowledge, in line with the latest regulation and guidance as of the last update date.
Technologies Used by Rezonence to Collect Information
Rezonence reserves the right to use one or more varieties of technologies to collect information at Participant Sites and Rezonence sites.
These are listed and described below.
==========
Pixels
A tracking “pixel” is a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and allows for the collection of information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel.
Rezonence collects technical and usage information (see below) through the use of tracking pixels.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit.
The cookie allows the website to remember information about you, such as your preferred language and other general settings.
Most of the cookies are stored in your browser which usually gives you the ability to manage them (though browsers for mobile devices may not offer this possibility).
Cookies play an important role.
Without them, browsing the web would be a much more frustrating experience, as they enable the simplicity and ergonomics of the online daily routine.
Working with our participant sites, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as preventing you from watching the same ad over and over again (i.e. frequency capping).
==========
Rezonence uses cookies on the Rezonence site to help regulate and facilitate the use by our clients of the console and other client account areas.
A user may configure his or her web browsers to accept or reject or delete the cookies, or notify the user when a cookie is being set.
Clients
Some advertisers or other clients (and their third-party service or technology providers) may use pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies which are activated when their Distributed Content is viewed by users across our network of Participant Sites.
We may request and receive aggregate, non-personal information from our clients from time to time but we do not actively seek from our clients (or their service providers) any information about any individual users.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Participant Site or such other parties
Third party suppliers or services
Rezonence does work with third party technology or service providers, such as, for example, Google, Amazon Web Services and AppNexus.
These may provide it with hosting, cloud-based computation, serving, general campaign or site analytics, ad serving data.
Such third party providers may utilise pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies that may be activated when our clients’ Distributed Content is encountered on a Participant Site.
In all instances where the use, collection and disclosure of information is by one of these third party providers, their privacy policies shall govern and this Privacy Policy does not apply.
We do not actively seek or knowingly receive information from these third party providers about individual users.
==========
Information collection on participant sites
When you visit a participant site in our advertising network and view distributed content placed by us, we collect information about your activities as described below.
We do not collect any personal information as defined by the GDPR on participant sites.
Technical Information
When we serve distributed content, we log and analyse technical information that is openly available to our servers such as information about the kind of browser being used (e.g., Safari, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system it’s running on (e.g., Windows, Mac OS, mobile OSes), the speed and type of Internet connection (e.g., narrowband, broadband, mobile), and other technical information.
This information is anonymous and generally non-personal but does include “internet protocol addresses” or “IP addresses”.
Rezonence archives all technical information (including any such IP addresses) in various formats.
==========
Advertising Campaigns
Some Distributed Content may seek to collect personal or other information as part of a client campaign.
Consent to do so will be sought before proceeding and the particulars of the processing will be made clear at that point.
Notwithstanding the above, Rezonence will not, collect, use or sell personal information to or for its benefit or the benefit of any third party.
Interaction with our Advertising Units and Other Usage Information
Rezonence uses a proprietary advertising unit to serve our clients’ Distributed Content.
This unit can be hosted on a web page, be featured as part of an application or widget, or be embedded within another advertising unit.
==========
Rezonence collects data about a user’s interactions with the unit, such as what Distributed Content has been featured, played or clicked; when it is video, whether playback is paused or stopped, and information collected in relation to the serving and display of Distributed Content, etc.
Additionally, we may also collect information about the page you visited at a Participant Site if our unit or Distributed Content is present on said page, including what site or page you came from, how long you spent on our unit, your click activity on the unit.
The usage and interaction data helps us understand and report to our clients about whether and how often an item of Distributed Content is watched and interacted with, whether partially or fully, and in what context, by users across our network of Participant Sites.
Personal Data Collection on the Rezonence site
Personal Data is collected on the Rezonence site in various instances including, without limitation.
==========
Access to web-based client interface
Access to web-based client interfaces do not require personal information.
A client or prospect may be required to provide his or her contact details, which may include or feature personal information, in order to get in touch with Rezonence.
Doing so provides implicit consent from said user for Rezonence to contact them.
Use of Information
We generally use non-personal information in aggregated form to help measure the performance and effectiveness Rezonence services
This information may be used
to operate and improve our services
to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries
to conduct research about and analyse your use of our services
to provide reporting to our partners about the performance of our advertising, analytics and other services
Additionally, you should be aware of the following
Rezonence does not share personal information of any clients with other organisations for their marketing or promotional uses without your express consent.
Note about children’s privacy
Rezonence does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 18.
In the event you become aware that an individual under the age of 13 has enrolled without parental permission, please advise us immediately by email at info@rezonence.com
Other Information Sharing
Rezonence may disclose one or more clients’ and/or individual users’ information if required to do so by law (or in a good-faith belief that such action is necessary or advisable in order to comply with any laws of any country or region which may assert jurisdiction) or in order to respond to a judicial or other governmental action, order, subpoena, request, demand or warrant.
We may make such disclosures without providing notice to you.
Rezonence may also reserve the right to disclose one or more clients’ and/or individual users’ information if it is appropriate or necessary in Rezonence’s discretion in order to: Take precautions against liability; protect against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate or defend against any third-party actions or allegations (including assisting a client or third party to do so); assist government enforcement agencies; or protect the security, integrity, rights, property, or personal safety of Rezonence, its systems and services, as well as its employees, clients or others.
Rezonence may in the future, and shall have the right to implement technology to, collect or share any information, including any client’s or individual user’s information, that we determine to be necessary or advisable in order to comply with a judicial order or to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials.
There is the possibility that Rezonence, or parts of the company or its affiliates, may one day be purchased by, or merged with, another company or otherwise disclosed or transferred as part of a merger, acquisition, debt financing or sale of assets, including in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
In that the case, the acquiring (or merging) company will have access to your information.
==========
Data retention
We retain information that we collect and receive in non-aggregate form for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
Changes to this Policy
Rezonence may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically.
If there are significant changes to our information practices, you will be provided with appropriate online notice.
You may be provided other privacy-related information in connection with your use of offerings from Rezonence, as well as for special features and services not described in this Privacy Policy that may be introduced in the future.
==========
