What personal information do we collectYou can visit our Website without registering for an account.
When you decide to provide us with your personal information, you agree that such information is sent to and stored on our servers.
We collect the following types of personal information:Information we collect automatically: When you visit our Website, use our Services and or reply to ads or other content, we automatically collect the information sent to us by your computer, mobile device or other equipment that provides access.
This information includes, but is not limited to:

information from your interaction with our Website and Services, including, but not limited to, device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from www.gumtree.com.au, referring URL, ad data, IP address and standard web log information; and
information we collect through cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.
Information you provide to us: We collect and store any information you enter on our Website or that you provide to us when you use our Services.
This information includes, but is not limited to:

information that you provide to us when you register for an account or for the Services that you use including for example, your name, address, email address, telephone number or financial information;
additional information that you may provide to us through social media sites or third party Services;
information provided in the context of dispute resolution, correspondence through our Website or correspondence that is sent to us; and
information about your location and the location of your device, including your device’s unique identifier information if you have enabled this service on your mobile device.
Information from other sources: We may receive or collect additional information about you from third parties and add this to our account information.
This information includes, but is not limited to: demographic data, navigation data, additional contact data and additional data about you from other sources, such as public authorities, to the extent permitted by law.
How we use your personal informationYou agree that we may use your personal information (see above) for the following purposes:

to provide you access to our Services and Customer Support by means of e-mail or telephone;
to prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, fraud and security breaches and to enforce our Terms of Use;
to personalize, measure and improve our Services, content and ads;
to contact you, by e-mail, push notification, text message (SMS) or by telephone, to inquire about our Services and the services of companies that are part of the eBay Inc. ‘corporate family’ (hereinafter referred to as the ‘eBay Group’) for the purpose of targeted marketing activities, updates, and promotional offers based on your message preferences (where applicable), or for any other purposes as set forth in this Privacy Policy; and
to provide you with other services that you have requested, as described when we collected the information.
==========
Sharing information with and registration on social media sites: We may offer sign-on Services that enable you to access the Website or related websites with your login credentials.
We can also offer Services that enable you to share information with third party social media websites, such as Facebook, Google Plus and Twitter.
==========
If you provide us access to personal information stored on third party websites, the scope of access to this personal information shall vary per website and will be determined by both your own browser settings and your consent.
If you wish to connect your third party account to your Gumtree account and you consent to us accessing the information in these third party accounts, you agree that we can collect, use and store information from this third party website in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Transfer of your personal information to third parties: We may disclose your personal information to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable legislation and regulations.
As further described under Section 4, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
==========
We may share your personal information with:

companies of the eBay Group to provide joint content and services (such as registration and customer support), to prevent, detect and investigate possible illegal activities, violations of our policy, fraud and/or data security breaches, and to support decision making on products, websites, applications, services, tools and communication.
The eBay Group companies will only use this information to send you marketing messages when you yourself have requested their services, and they will use your personal information in accordance with their respective privacy policy.
service providers with whom we have entered into an agreement to help us provide our Services on the website, such as financial service providers, marketing agencies and technical support.
==========
In such cases, the personal information shall remain under the control of Marktplaats B.V.
certain third parties (such as intellectual property rights holders, supervisory authorities, tax authorities, police and other regulatory authorities) if we are required to do so by law, or in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We may share your personal information:

to comply with legal obligations or a court order; or
if this is necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal offenses, such as fraud, deceit or prosecution, or
if it is necessary to maintain our policies or to protect the rights and freedoms of others.
other third parties to whom you have given consent to share your information via [same as above], e.g. in the framework of a cooperation;
companies that we intend to merge with in the context of a reorganisation or that acquire us;
an intellectual property owner if the owner of an intellectual property right or an intermediary in good faith believes that an advertisement violates the rights of the owner.
Before personal information is provided, the IP owner will enter into an agreement that, inter alia, stipulates that information is only provided on the strict condition that it may only be used in the context of legal proceedings and/or obtaining legal advice and/or to answer questions from the relevant advertiser

Without limitation to the foregoing, we shall moreover – in our efforts to respect your privacy and to keep the website free of malicious persons or parties – not disclose your personal information to third parties without a court order or formal request from the government in accordance with applicable law, unless we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to prevent impending injury or financial damages or to report alleged illegal activities.
==========
Information you share on Gumtree.com.au: Our Website allows users to share advertisements and other information with other users, thereby making this shared information accessible to other users.
Since our Website also enables you to directly contact a buyer or seller, we recommend that you consider how you share your personal information with others.
You are solely responsible for the personal information you share through our Website and therefore we cannot guarantee the privacy or security of the information shared by you with other users.
==========
In case you visit our Website from a shared computer or a computer in an internet café, we strongly recommend that you log off after each session.
If you do not want the shared computer to remember you and/or your credentials, you will need to remove cookies and/or the history of your website visits.
==========
