Modified: May 16, 2018

Parallels International GmbH and its affiliated companies respect your privacy and will process any personal data only in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
In light of the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which will take effect on 25 May 2018 , we would like to provide you with certain information about the data we process.
This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our website or products and how we process that personal data.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
Information that you provide voluntarilyCertain parts of our website and/or products may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: e.g., we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us.
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information and may include name, postal address, email address, phone number, date of birth, language preference, job title and business affiliations.
We do not collect or process credit card or payment data at any time.
==========
Information that we collect automaticallyWhen you visit our website and/or use our products, we may collect certain information automatically from your device (e.g., information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (i.e., country or city-level location) and other technical information).
We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our website and/or products, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our web-site and/or use our product, where they come from, and what content on our website is of interest to them.
We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our website and/or products to our visitors.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology” below.
In some cases, your personal data will be supplemented by information retrieved from public sources, such as online media or employer websites, for the purpose of confirming your current professional position or address.
We use the personal data for communication purposes, including to send you newsletters, promotions, surveys and other product-related information and to maintain our list of contacts.
We do not sell or otherwise make your personal data available to third parties, although we may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients: to our group companies (including those in Cyprus, Estonia, Germany, Malta, Russia, Spain, the United Kingdom and United States), third party service providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (e.g., to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our website and/or products), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information (when they perform services on our behalf, mainly to maintain and support our IT systems).
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties including law enforcement bodies, regulatory, government agencies or other third parties in the following circumstances: (a) to undertake the activities listed above; (b) to conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process (including assisting in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity or to deal with any misuse of the product); (c) to sell, make ready for sale or dispose of our business in whole or in part including to any potential buyer or their advisers.
If you are based in the European Union (“EU”), any international transfers of your personal data outside the EU/European Economic area (“EEA”)  are based on the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses, which may be read here.
Your personal data will only be saved for these purposes and for as long as you are a business contact to us.
==========
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you including to serve interest-based advertising.
For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Notice Cookie Notice.
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
==========
When processing personal data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, we will rely on any consents you have provided in respect of direct marketing activities or in reliance on our legitimate interests this interest will normally be to conduct our business and communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our services, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.
We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
We employ appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect your personal data against loss and unauthorised access.
We regularly review our security policies and procedures to ensure our systems are secure and protected.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
==========
We welcome your inquiries and comments.
You have the right to know what personal data we process about you and may request a copy.
You are also entitled to have incorrect or incomplete personal data about you corrected or completed and you may, in certain circumstances, ask us to delete or erase some or all of your personal data.
==========
You can also object to certain personal data about you being processed and request that processing be limited.
Please note that the limitation or deletion of your personal data may mean we will be unable to provide the services described above.
You also have the right to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format and have the data transferred to another party responsible for data processing.
To opt out of any received emails, please unsubscribe by selecting “unsubscribe” at the bottom of a received email.
If you have any questions about how we process your personal data, please feel free to contact us at privacy@parallels.com.
==========
