MANAGE YOUR CONSUMER ONLINE PROFILE WITH US
Almost every major Web publisher, advertiser and ad network uses cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data to optimize advertising effectiveness.
We’re no different.
We use cookies and other standard web technologies (like tags and pixels) to collect certain types of information automatically from your device.
Some of this information (including for example your IP addresses and certain unique device identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device, and may be considered “personal data” in some jurisdictions, including the European Union.
==========
We use this information to enable us and our customers to make more intelligent ad decisions, which results in more relevant (rather than more annoying) advertising and help our customers make more money.
This helps you continue to enjoy free online content and services.
To find out more about how we may collect and use your personal information through our technology, please review our Privacy Policy.
You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads through our technology by using the opt-out tool below.
Once you opt-out, we will no longer collect any information from your device and as a result, we will no longer serve you ads that are more targeted to your interests.
The opt-out operates by placing a cookie on your device that is unique to the browser and device you use to opt-out.
If you change browsers or computers, or delete the cookies on your computer, you will need to opt-out again.
You also can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is being set and to block most cookies, including ours.
Your device may also give you the ability to opt-out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests (“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” on Android devices or “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices).
You may stop the collection of location information by particular apps or from your device as a whole at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
==========
