Last Updated November 4, 2016
This notice provides highlights of the full Publishers Clearing House Online Privacy Statement .
Unless otherwise specified, this notice and the full privacy statement apply to all those Publishers Clearing House Web sites and services that display or link to this notice.
more...


To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized on this Site to access third party sites, users should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by pch.com and, therefore, are not subject to this privacy policy.
We recommend that users check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how their personal information will be utilized.
Please note that our Web sites may utilize framing techniques that allow us to insert advertising content from third parties into a PCH web page.
If you are providing information or responding to an advertisement while visiting our     sites you should always check the url listed in your browser.
If such url is not from PCH, then the information that is             being collected would be to a third party whose privacy policy governs the collection and use of such information.
less...




Collection and Use
                            »
We collect certain personal information from our visitors to process and fulfill online sweepstakes entries and online orders for the products and services we offer.
==========
Such information may include full name, email address and date of birth.
To provide our users with a more personalized and relevant web service, we may also collect and use personal data to identify users' specific interests and needs and may, at times,  use your personally identifiable information to exchange, link or combine it with third party data groups to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more relevant service.
learn more »



Tracking Technologies »
Through the use of “cookies”, “pixel tags” and "flash cookies" we may collect data on, among other things, the following information:

The website that referred you to us
The web pages you viewed on our site
The advertisements you viewed and clicked on at our site
Coupon activity including the types of coupons that you choose
Store your preferences such as volume control or high game score
Display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit

learn more »



Data Security
            »
We have implemented a number of security features
            throughout the pch.com site that are intended to prevent
            the unauthorized release of or access to the user
            information we collect online.learn more »





Data Sharing
                »
PCH may disclose user information in aggregate form to marketing partners.
For example, we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited PCH over a period of time, but we will never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer, unless that user has provided permission to do so.We may share your personal information with select  third parties vendors  such as credit card processors and e-mail service providers to provide services such as order fulfillment and e-mail delivery on our site.
==========
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose.
We may also use your personally identifiable information to exchange, link or combine it with third party data groups to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more relevant service.
.
==========
learn more »


Advertising»
If you would like to opt out from being shown targeted advertising by our 3rd party providers, including Google, please click here: 
                    Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from pch.com and any other participating advertisers.
If you opt out, you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers Clearing House; however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
learn more»



User Options»
Receiving email messages from pch.com, our affiliates and partners is optional.
Users can access the personal information they have provided to pch.com for the purposes of reviewing and updating such information.
learn more»



Other Information
                            »
The pch.com site is not directed to visitors residing outside of the United States.
The pch.com site is not targeted nor directed to children under the age of thirteen.
To contact us, please visit the Info Center of the site or write directly to Christopher L. Irving, Consumer & Privacy Affairs, pch.com, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York, 11050.
learn more»
==========
