This Privacy Notice describes how Ozone processes your data when you use the ozoneproject.com website.
For information about how Ozone processes your data within the Ozone Platform, when you visit a Publisher or Advertiser website, please view our Platform Privacy Notice.The Ozone Project Limited (Ozone or we) value your privacy and care about the way in which your personal information is treated.
We want you to understand:what personal information we collect about you;how we obtain your personal information;how we use your personal information;on what basis we use your personal information;how long we keep your personal information;with whom we share your personal information;managing your cookie preferences on this site;the countries to which we transfer your personal information;how we protect your personal information; andyour rights regarding your personal information.Who we are, and how to contact usOzone provides a digital marketplace, which enables (a) advertisers to buy advertising space on websites owned or controlled by publishers; and (b) advertisers to provide targeted advertising, at scale.
We work with publishers such as: News UK & Ireland Limited, Guardian News & Media Limited, Telegraph Media Group Limited, and Reach Plc (together, the Publishers).
Ozone is a member of IAB UK and complies with the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework Policies.Ozone, located at 1 London Bridge Street, London, United Kingdom, SE1 9GF, is a data controller of the personal information about you that we process.
==========
This means that we decide how and why we use your personal information.If you have any questions, feel free to get in touch at the email address privacy@ozoneproject.com.What personal information do we collect about you?Personal information that we process about you includes:How do we obtain your personal information?When you browse websites owned or controlled by the Publishers, we collect your personal information directly from your browser or device, e.g. through cookies and other similar technologies.
We may also obtain information about you from Publishers themselves, or from advertisers who place adverts on Publisher websites.In addition, we receive information about you from third party sources, such as data aggregators, match partners, and providers of data management platform services, who help us (and Publishers) to learn about your likes and dislikes so that you can be provided with adverts that are tailored to you.
You can see the types of third parties we use for this, in the section How do we use your personal information.How do we use your personal information?We use your personal information for the following purposes:Enable advertisers to make online adverts relevant to you, and enable Publishers to sell advertising space on their sites.
We do this by:Matching and combining data, and gaining audience insights – This involves giving you a unique ID on our database, and comparing our database of unique IDs with those of our trusted partners (such as the Publishers, advertisers and third party suppliers that we work with).
We use match partners such as LiveRamp to enable us to carry out this activity.If your information is matched with to information on the database of any of our trusted partners, we may combine this with the information that we have about you.
This helps to create a more rounded view of your lifestyle, demographic, likes and dislikes.Associating your unique ID with one or more segments of the market – To do this, we would make assumptions about your interests based on the way you interact with websites and the information we obtain about you, and adding you to groups that have indicated similar interests and preferences.
Providers of data management platform services (e.g. Lotame) help us to carry out these activities.Operate our business.
This includes for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis and research to help us deliver and improve our technologies, processes and services.
==========
It also includes processing to detect fraud and illegitimate activity.Comply with applicable laws and regulations.
For example, in relation to fraud detection.On what basis do we use your personal information?We use your personal information on the following legal basis:Because you have given your consent.
At times we may ask for your consent to allow us to use your personal information for one or more purposes set out above.
We may request your consent either directly (e.g. when you interact with us via our website), or via one or more of our trusted partners.
See the Your rights section for information about the rights that you have if we process your information on the basis of your consent.For legitimate business purposes.
==========
Using your personal information is necessary for us to operate and improve our business, as it promotes an understanding of when and how individuals engage with us and/or our trusted partners, and enables the provision of relevant content and advertising for your benefit.To comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal information.How long will we keep your personal information?We will always keep your personal information:for the period required by law;where we need to do so in connection with legal action or an investigation involving Ozone; andwhere you have contacted us with a question or request, for as long as necessary to allow us to respond your question or request.Otherwise, we keep your personal information for no longer than 13 months.If we no longer need your personal information, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.With whom do we share your personal information?We share certain of your personal information with:the following trusted third parties:our professional advisors and auditors; andregulators, governments and law enforcement authorities.See the Protecting your personal information section for information on how we keep your personal information secure when sharing it with others.Managing your cookie preferences with OzoneThis website uses technology called "cookies" which allow this website to recognise and respond to you as an individual.
We may also use cookies on third party websites (e.g. websites owned or controlled by Publishers).
A cookie is a unique numeric code that is transferred to your computer’s browser to track your interests and preferences and to recognize you as a return visitor.
Information may be collected automatically by cookies and other technologies.
To learn how to prevent information from being collected automatically, please see the “Manage your cookie preferences” section below.
We use cookies for different purposes:
==========
