Multiply Terms of Service 
Welcome to Multiply.
Multiply is the most powerful web site for interacting and sharing information with your personal network of contacts.
To use Multiply, you must register as a member of the site and agree to be bound by the following terms of service (the "Agreement") as part of the registration process.
If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement after reading it, you may not use Multiply.
==========
You agree that we may modify this Agreement or the Privacy Policy (as defined below), in our sole discretion, by sending an e-mail, by displaying a prominent message on our site or by other appropriate means designed to inform users of the Service prior to, or on the date which the modifications enter into effect.
Your continued use of the Service indicates your acceptance of the amended terms of service or Privacy Policy.
The Service
The Service includes services provided on Multiply's Web site and services by Multiply's Affiliates.
To use this Service, you understand and agree to the following: (a) as part of the registration process, you must submit a valid e-mail address and select a password and user name; (b) you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member name and password, and all uses of your account -- whether or not you've authorized such use; (c) you agree to notify Multiply immediately of any unauthorized use of your account; and (d) you are at least 13 years of age.
Multiply will not be held liable for any loss or damage for non-compliance.
In addition, you understand and agree that Multiply will use aggregated data collected from you and other users for statistical and analytical reporting purposes.
==========
You understand, and agree that, unless expressly stated, Multiply in no way controls, verifies, or endorses any of the information contained on or in the Multiply Service, including links, events, messages, message boards and members' published listings.
Registration
As part of the registration process for the Service, you agree to: (a) provide certain limited information about you as prompted to do so by the Service (such information to be current, complete and accurate); and (b) maintain and update this information as required to keep it current, complete and accurate.
The information requested upon original sign-up shall be referred to as registration data ("Registration Data").
==========
Multiply reserves the right to delete accounts created by users who appropriate the name, likeness, e-mail address, or other personally identifiable information of another individual.
Multiply reserves the right to refuse the Service to any user.
Eligibility
You must be thirteen (13) years of age or older to register as a member of Multiply or use the Web site.
Membership in Multiply is void where prohibited by law.
By using the Multiply Web site, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to agree to, and abide by, this Agreement.
Please be aware that Multiply may create certain clearly-labeled areas of the Service that contain adult or mature content.
You must be eighteen (18) years of age or older to access and view such areas.
Multiply reserves the right to cancel the account of any user under the age of eighteen (18) that attempts to access the adult-restricted areas.
==========
Term
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Multiply Web site and/or are a Member.
You may cancel your Multiply membership at any time by sending us an e-mail via our Contact Us page.
Once we process your request, we will remove your account from our database.
Multiply may terminate your membership for any reason, at any time.
Even after membership is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect.
==========
Non Commercial Use by Members
The Multiply Web site is for the personal use of individual Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors.
Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become Members and should not use the Service or the Web site for any purpose.
Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Web site, including collecting usernames and/or e-mail addresses of members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited e-mail and unauthorized framing of or linking to the Web site will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including, without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
==========
Proprietary Rights in Content on Multiply
Multiply owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Web site and our Service.
The Web site contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of Multiply, and its licensors.
Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information.
Content Posted on the Multiply Site
You also agree to the following terms regarding the content posted on the Multiply site: 
You understand and agree that Multiply may review and delete any content, messages, photos or profiles (collectively, "Content") that in the sole judgment of Multiply violate this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of Members.
Your profile must describe you, an individual person.
Examples of inappropriate profiles include, but are not limited to, profiles that purport to represent an animal, place, inanimate object, fictional character, or real individual who is not you.
==========
You are solely responsible for the Content that you publish or display (hereinafter, "post") on the Multiply site, or transmit to other Members.
By posting Content to any public area of Multiply, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Multiply an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, distribute and to prepare derivative works of such Content within the Service, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing.
The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited on the Web site.
Multiply reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this provision including, without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Multiply site and terminating the membership of such violators.
It includes Content that: 

is patently offensive to the online community, such as Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; 
harasses or advocates harassment of another person; 
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters" or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming"; 
promotes information that you know is false, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; 
promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files; 
contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); 
displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind (excluding areas of the Service clearly labeled as Adult); 
provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18; 
provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; 
solicits passwords or personally-identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; 
engages in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising and pyramid schemes; and 
 solicits people you don't know to add you or accept you as a contact on Multiply.
Even though all of this is strictly prohibited, there is a small chance that you might become exposed to such items and you further waive your right to any damages (from any party) related to such exposure.
==========
You must use the Service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
You may not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Members to buy or sell any commercial products or commercial services through the Service.
You may not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of other members to buy or sell any personal products or services except in your personal Marketplace area.
You may not transmit any chain letters or junk e-mail to other Members.
Although Multiply cannot monitor the conduct of its Members off the Web site, it is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Multiply Service in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent.
In order to protect our Members from such advertising or solicitation, Multiply reserves the right to restrict the number of messages which a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number which Multiply deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
==========
Copyrights and Trademarks
You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.
Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Web site; your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Multiply's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: Multiply Legal Dept., 1700 South Dixie Highway, Suite 200, Boca Raton, FL 33432.
==========
Member Disputes
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Multiply Members or third parties.
Multiply reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members or third parties.
Links to Third Party Sites
Any links included within the Multiply site that take users out of the Multiply site are not under the control of Multiply.
Multiply shall not be responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
All such sites shall be subject to the policies and procedures of the owner of such site.
We encourage you to read those policies and know your rights.
Transactions with Organizations or Individuals
Multiply shall not be liable for your interactions with any organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Multiply Service.
==========
This includes, but is not limited to, payment and delivery of goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings.
These dealings are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
You agree that Multiply is not responsible for any damage or loss incurred as a result of any such dealings.
Multiply is under no obligation to become involved in disputes between participants on the site, or between participants on the site and any third party.
In the event of a dispute, you release Multiply, its officers, employees, agents and successors in rights from claims, damages and demands of every kind, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and our Service.
==========
Privacy Policy
Use of the Web site and/or the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimers
Multiply is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Web site or in connection with the Multiply Service, whether caused by users of the Web site, Members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Service.
Multiply is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Web site or Member of the Service.
==========
Multiply assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user or Member communications.
Multiply is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of e-mail or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any web site or combination thereof, including injury or damage to users and/or Members or to any other person's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the Web and/or in connection with the Service.
Under no circumstances will Multiply be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of the Web site or the Service, any Content posted on the Web site or transmitted to Members, or any interactions between users of the Web site, whether online or offline.
The Web site and the Service are provided "AS IS" and Multiply expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
Multiply cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the Web site and/or the Service.
The Service may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by user from Multiply or through or from the Service shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
Limitation on Liability
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will Multiply be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of the Web site or the Multiply Service, even if Multiply has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Multiply's liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to Multiply for the Service during the term of membership.
==========
Disputes
If there is any dispute about or involving the Web site and/or the Service, by using the Web site you agree that the dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of law rules.
You agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Florida state courts in and for Palm Beach County, Florida and the Federal Courts in and for the Southern District of Florida.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Multiply with respect to any and all costs, claims, demands, investigations, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees arising out of or in connection with your use of the Multiply Service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Multiply retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all claims, demands, proceedings, suits, actions or causes of actions which are brought against Multiply herein under the terms and provisions of this Section and in no event shall you settle any such claim without Multiply's prior written approval.
==========
General Practices Regarding Use and Storage 
You acknowledge that Multiply may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service including, without limitation, the maximum number of days that messages or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Service, the maximum number of messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum size of any message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Multiply's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time.
You agree that Multiply has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service.
You acknowledge that Multiply reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.
You further acknowledge that Multiply reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.
No Agency
The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not be interpreted as creating an agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship between Multiply and any User of the Service.
A Member may not bind or obligate Multiply without Multiply's prior written consent.
Special Admonitions for International Use
As a consequence of the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding user conduct on the Internet and acceptable content.
Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
==========
Miscellaneous
This Agreement, accepted upon use of the Web site and further affirmed by becoming a Member of the Multiply Service, contains the entire agreement between you and Multiply regarding the use of the Web site and/or the Service.
The failure of Multiply to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement.
Multiply is a trademark of Multiply, Inc.
==========
