(amended as of Nov. 15, 2011)At the same time that The Washington Post Company and washingtonpost.com are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs, we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information.
In adopting this privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy.
Please note: this policy applies only to information collected by washingtonpost.com online, as specified below, and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by The Washington Post Company or its affiliates through other meansWhat personally identifiable information do I provide to washingtonpost.com?Washingtonpost.com asks you to provide various types of personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our site.
During registration, washingtonpost.com asks for information such as your name, e-mail address, year of birth, gender, Zip code, country, street address, Job Title, Primary Responsibility, Job Industry and Company Size.
The more information you provide, the better we are able to customize your experience.
==========
We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion, when you post an online ad, when you participate in our message boards, or when you order products from us.
Whenever you provide personally identifiable information to us, we will make an effort to link to our privacy policy.
See below about “cookies” and what other information is collected.How does washingtonpost.com use my personally identifiable information?Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our network of sites.
This includes personalization services, interactive communications, online shopping and many other types of services, most of which are completely free to you.Washingtonpost.com uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways.
Some examples follow.A user’s personally identifiable information may be used by washingtonpost.com for editorial purposes such as to contact you as part of an online survey.
==========
Additionally, we may also use the information provided by you to: 1) contact you with legal notices, 2) to advise you of any changes or additions to our Service or terms and conditions, and 3) account status (including confirmation of registrations).
If you do not wish to receive the foregoing and therefore unregister from the site, please contact Customer Care and ask to have your registration account deleted.
Once your account has been deleted, you will no longer have access to washingtonpost.com, however, you may reregister at any time.We may also use information about our users and their activities on our site to send offers and information about The Washington Post Company and its affiliates.
However, if you no longer wish to receive the foregoing, please contact Customer Care to request removal from this list.Further, if you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving certain e-mail newsletters from us, we will send you those e-mail subscriptions.
Please note that regardless of those subscription preferences, we may contact you by e-mail as described elsewhere in this privacy policy (e.g., to notify you about changes or additions to our Service, such as new features).
However, if you no longer wish to receive any of the foregoing, you may change your preferences for the future at any time by clicking on the following link: https://ssl.washingtonpost.com/actmgmt/registration/addnewsletter/longIn order to provide services free of charge, we display advertisements.
==========
washingtonpost.com delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers.
Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach (for example, females over 25 years old).
We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting those criteria.
In this process, the advertiser never has access to you washingtonpost.com account.Washingtonpost.com also does research on our users’ demographics, interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration, on order forms, during a promotion, as well as from our server log files or from surveys.
We do this to better understand and serve our users.
This research is compiled and analyzed and washingtonpost.com may share aggregated versions of this data with advertisers or other businesses.
In addition, under confidentiality agreements, washingtonpost.com may match user information with third party data.Do other companies or people have access to personally identifiable information I provide to washingtonpost.com?
==========
