This privacy policy applies to visitors to this GeistM website as well as Geist Consumers - consumers who have responded to Geist-produced advertisements and visited information publishers or the websites of internet merchants who are Geist Clients.
Privacy for Visitors to This Website
Visiting this website or our knowledge base does not result in the collection of any information about you or your device.
We just count the total number of times this site is visited by anyone.
==========
Your Deliberate Actions that May Provide Contact Information
If you contact us, request a case study, or inquire about a career, Geist will record the information you submit in order to respond to your request.
If you go to some other non-GeistM website, after visiting this Geist website, Geist takes no responsibility for what information might be collected there.
Privacy for Geist Consumers
The Categories of Information not Collected
Geist neither collects nor records nor views any Sensitive Personal Data, such as health information, nor any Internal Data, such as data about opinions, nor External Data, such as ethnicity, nor Historical, nor Financial, nor Social, nor Tracking, such as contact information or location.
We neither collect nor record any Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
(The italicized terms above are used as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)).
Your Anonymity to Geist
When you visit a site related to a Geist client, we create a record of the fact that a particular, unidentified agent has performed some action, and ties this record to a completely anonymous 'continuity token', from which we can only tell whether you as an actor are the same or different from any other actor, and nothing else.
For example, we will know that somebody bought the same thing twice, but nothing about who that 'somebody' is.
==========
The Purposes for which Information is Collected
Geist adheres to the Internet Advertising Bureau Transparency Consent Framework, and their categorizations of the purposes we make of token behaviors, information that is only used for operating our marketing business, and never for any other purpose.
These purposes are:
Storage and Retrieval - of tokenized behaviors
Personalization - so that we can record what has interested a specific token
Ad Selection - so that we can determine what ads to present when that token appears
Measurement - so that we can report to clients on the success of marketing campaigns
Geist does not engage in any of the following kinds of processing, for any purpose:
Offline Data Matching - match these events with information from offline sources
Device Linking - inking multiple devices together that belong to the same user
Geographic Location - Collecting and supporting precise geographic location data.
Your Options as a Site Visitor or a Geist Consumer
Geist enables you to grant or deny permission to collect this anonymous behavior information, by selecting one of the buttons below.
You can change your selection at any time.
==========
