If you have any queries or concerns about privacy on the University of Birmingham website please contact us.
General site disclaimer
            

              To the fullest extent permitted at law, the University of Birmingham is providing this website, its contents and its online payment facility on an "as is" basis and makes no (and expressly disclaims all) representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to this website or the information, content, products or services included in this site including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In addition, the University of Birmingham does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this web site is accurate, complete or current.
In no circumstances, to the fullest extent permitted at law, shall the University of Birmingham nor or any of its officers or employees be liable for any loss, additional costs or damage howsoever arising suffered as a result of any use of this web site or the information, content, or products.
==========
Copyright
            

              All aspects of the University of Birmingham website design, text, graphics and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on this website are copyright the University of Birmingham and its affiliates, or their content and technology providers.
The University of Birmingham grants permission for the browsing of material it has published on its website pages.
It also grants permission to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions one copy only of any page of this material for personal reference only.
Copyright in all material on this website (unless otherwise indicated) is held by the University of Birmingham.
The express permission of the Copyright holder must be obtained for any use of this material other than for purposes permitted by law.
==========
Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of the University of Birmingham online payment or online donation facility for the sole purpose of placing an order with the University of Birmingham.
Links to third party information
            

              The University of Birmingham website links to many third party information providers who are not affiliated with the University of Birmingham.
The University of Birmingham does not endorse any of these sites, nor the information or merchandise contained or offered by these sites.
The University of Birmingham has not taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained in such third parties' websites, and does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, personal information) you might be requested to give any third party.
You are strongly encouraged to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
All aspects of these links including, without limitation, text, and graphics, and links, are provided on an "as is" basis with no warranties of any kind.
In no event shall the University be liable for any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, costs of procurement of substitute goods or services, lost profits, lost data, or any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages related to the use, inability to use, performance or non-performance of the information or merchandise offered by such third party sites, even if the University of Birmingham has been advised previously of the possibility of such losses or damages.
Trademarks
            

              The University of Birmingham, is a registered trademark of the University of Birmingham.
Other product and company names mentioned on this website may be the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
==========
