Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy, 'us' 'we' or 'our' means PLAYGROUND
XYZ HOLDINGS PTY LTD (ABN 76
607 526 027) and our related bodies PLAYGROUND XYZ AUSTRALIA PTY LTD (ABN
42 607 532 365),
PLAYGROUND XYZ IP PTY LTD (ABN 66 607 532 025), PLAYGROUND XYZ EMEA LTD (UK
Company No. 10802474) and PLAYGROUND XYZ ASIA PTE. LTD. (SG Registration No.
201809380E).
We are committed to respecting your privacy.
In Australia, we are bound by the Australian Privacy
Principles contained in the Privacy Act
1988 (Cth) (Privacy
Act).
==========
For individuals located within the European Union, we also comply
with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR).
Our Privacy Policy sets outs out how we collect, use, process,
store and disclose your personal information.
Personal information includes
information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual that
is reasonably identifiable.
For example, this may include your name, age,
gender, postcode and contact details.
Our Privacy Policy also uses the term
'personal information' to cover any information or data about identified or
identifiable natural persons that is 'personal data' for the purposes of the
GDPR.
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time by
publishing changes to it on our website.
We encourage you to check our website
periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy.
==========
What personal
information do we collect?
We may collect the following types of personal information:
•               
name;
•               
mailing or street address;
•               
email address;
•               
telephone number and other contact details;
•               
your employer (if we are dealing with you as a
representative of the business that employs you); 
•               
age or date of birth;
•               
credit card information;
•               
your device
ID, your device type, Internet browser and device operating system details,
geo-location information (including country and suburb name based on this),
computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and
from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information;
•               
details of the products and services we have
provided to you (or the entity or business that employs or engages you as a
contractor) or that you have enquired about, including any additional
information necessary to deliver those products and services and respond to
your enquiries;
•               
any additional information relating to you that
you provide to us directly through our website or app or indirectly through your
use of our website or app or online presence or through other websites or
accounts from which you permit us to collect information;
•               
information you provide to us through customer
surveys; or
•               
any other personal information that may be
required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
We may collect these
types of personal information either directly from you, or from third parties.
We may collect this information when you: 
•               
register on our website or app;
•               
communicate with us through correspondence, chats, email, or when you share
information with us from other social applications, services or websites;
•               
interact with our sites, services, content and advertising; or
•               
invest in our business or enquire as to a
potential purchase in our business.
Personal information relating to employees,
applicants and contractors
In addition, when
you apply for a job or position with us we may collect certain personal
information from you (including your name, contact details, working history and
relevant records checks) as part of the application process.
We may also
collect these types of information about you from any recruitment consultant, your
previous employers and others who may be able to provide information to us to
assist in our decision on whether or not to make you an offer of employment or
engage you under a contract.
==========
If you are or have previously been employed by us in
Australia, this Privacy Policy does not apply to our acts and practices in
relation to employee records of our current and former employees in Australia,
which are exempt from the Privacy Act.
If you are an employee of ours in the
European Union or if you are an individual contractor engaged by us, this
Privacy Policy will still apply to you and our handling of personal information
about you.
Why do we
collect, use, process and disclose personal information?
We will collect, hold, use,
process and disclose your personal information for the purposes set out in the
table below.
If you are located
within the European Union, the lawful basis for our collection, holding,
use, processing and disclosure of your personal information is also set out in
this table.
==========
Purpose of collection,
   holding, use, processing and disclosure


Lawful basis





·      
  to
  enable you to access and use our website and/or services;


Your consent (if given to us)
Performance of a contract with you




·      
  to
  operate, protect, improve and optimise our website
  and services business and our users’ experience, such as to perform
  analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing;


For our legitimate interests in operating our business
  efficiently and effectively 




·      
  to
  send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical
  notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested by you;


Your consent (if given to us)
Performance of a contract with you 




·      
  to
  send you marketing and promotional messages and other information that may be
  of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our
  business partners that we think you may find interesting;


Your consent (if given to us)




·      
  to
  administer rewards, surveys, contests, or other promotional activities or
  events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;


Your consent (if given to us)
For our legitimate interests in operating and promoting
  our business and rewarding the loyalty of our customers




·      
  to
  comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with
  any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties; and


Compliance with our legal obligations
For our legitimate interests in enforcing our contractual
  and legal rights 




·      
  to
  consider your employment application.
In order to take steps requested by you prior to
  considering whether to enter into an employment agreement with you



We may also disclose your personal
information to a trusted third party who also holds other information about
you.
This third party may combine that information in order to enable it and us
to develop anonymised consumer insights so that we
can better understand your preferences and interests, personalise
your experience and enhance the products and services that you receive.
Do we use your personal information for direct marketing?
We and/or our carefully selected business partners may send
you direct marketing communications and information about our products and
service if you have consented to receiving these communications.
This may take
the form of emails, SMS, mail or other forms of communication, in accordance
with the Spam Act and the Privacy Act.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing
materials from us by contacting us using the contact method set out here - unsubscribe@playgroundxyz.com
- or by using the opt-out facilities provided in the communication.
==========
To whom do we disclose your personal information?
We may disclose
personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy to:
•               
our employees
and to our related bodies corporate as listed at the top of the Privacy Policy;
•               
third
party suppliers and service providers (including providers for the operation of
our websites and/or our business or in connection with providing our products
and services to you);
•               
professional
advisers, dealers and agents;
•               
payment
systems operators (e.g. merchants receiving card payments); 
•               
our
existing or potential agents, business partners or partners;
•               
our
sponsors or promoters of any competition that we conduct via our services;
•               
anyone
to whom our assets or businesses (or any part of them) are transferred;
•               
specific
third parties authorised by
you to receive information held by us; and/or
•               
other
persons, including government agencies, regulatory bodies and law enforcement
agencies, or as required, authorised or permitted by law.
Disclosure of Australian personal information
outside Australia
We may disclose
personal information outside of Australia to cloud providers and software
providers located outside of Australia, including the United Kingdom, Ireland,
Singapore and the United States of America.
When you provide your personal
information to us, you consent to the disclosure of your information outside of
Australia and acknowledge that we are not required to ensure that overseas
recipients handle that personal information in compliance with the Privacy Act.
We will, however, take reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas recipient
will deal with such personal information in a way that is consistent with the
Australian Privacy Principles.
==========
Transfers of personal information of European
individuals outside of the European Union
We may hold and
disclose personal information about individuals located outside of the European
Union.
In particular, our Australian companies may receive personal information
that was originally collected by or disclosed to our UK company.
Personal
information transferred by our UK company to our Australian companies will be
undertaken in accordance with an intra-group data transfer agreement that
implements standard data protection clauses as permitted under Article 46.2 of the
GDPR.
In addition, we
may disclose personal information to cloud providers (including Google and
Amazon Web Services), software providers (Xero), our accountants (Hall
Chadwick) and financial advisors (Xake) that are
located outside of, or may store personal information outside of, the European
Union, including in Singapore, Australia and the United Kingdom.
When we
disclose personal information to these third parties, we do so:
•               
on
the basis of an adequacy decision under Article 45(9) of the GDPR in respect of
the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework for any US-based third party who has
self-certified its compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework to the US
Department of Commerce; or
•               
otherwise
on the basis of a data transfer agreement with that third party that implements
standard data protection clauses as permitted under Article 46.2 of the GDPR.
==========
Websites and
cookies
We may collect personal information about you when you use
and access our website or a publisher's website that we (or a third party
acting on our behalf) is placing advertising on.
While we do not use browsing information to identify you
personally, we may record certain information about your use of these websites,
such as which pages you visit, the time and date of your visit and the internet
protocol (IP) address assigned to your computer.
We record your IP address in
order to assist us to protect our systems from malicious activities, including
denial of service attacks and brute force attempts to access our systems.
We
store IP addresses for this purpose for 30 days in order to detect and analyse
previous attacks on our systems.
==========
We (or a third party acting on our behalf) may also use 'cookies'
or other similar tracking technologies on these website that help us track your
website usage and remember your preferences.
Cookies are small files that store
information on your computer, TV, mobile phone or other device.
They enable the
entity that put the cookie on your device to recognise you across different
websites, services, devices and/or browsing sessions.
We (or a third party
acting on our behalf) may use cookies to determine which advertisements to
display to you on our website or a publisher's website that we (or a third
party acting on our behalf) is placing advertising on.
You can disable cookies
through your internet browser but our websites may not work as intended for you
if you do so.
==========
We may also use cookies to enable us to collect data that
may include personal information.
For example, where a cookie is linked to your
account, it will be considered personal information under the Privacy Act and
GDPR.
We will handle any personal information collected by cookies in the same
way that we handle all other personal information as described in this Privacy
Policy.
Security
We may hold your personal information in either electronic
or hard copy form.
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal
information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access,
modification or disclosure and we use a number of physical, administrative,
personnel and technical measures to protect your personal information.
==========
Links
Our website may contain links to websites operated by third
parties.
Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or
be maintained.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, we are not responsible for
the privacy practices of, or any content on, those linked websites, and have no
control over or rights in those linked websites.
The privacy policies that
apply to those other websites may differ substantially from our Privacy Policy,
so we encourage individuals to read them before using those websites.
==========
Accessing or
correcting your personal information
You can access
the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using the contact
information provided through the website or using the contact details set out
below .
Sometimes, we may not be able to provide you with access to all of your
personal information and, where this is the case, we will tell you why.
We may
also need to verify your identity when you request your personal information.
If you think that any personal information we hold about you
is inaccurate, please contact us using the details set out below and we will
take reasonable steps to ensure that it is corrected.
Playground XYZ partners with AppNexus to deliver advertising
content to website end users and may use cookies in conjunction with AppNexus
for the purpose of targeted advertising.
The AppNexus Consumer Data website (https://mydata.appnexus.com) will show website
end users the segments that Playground XYZ and third party providers using the
AppNexus platform have associated to your cookie or your mobile advertising ID
and allow website end users to opt out of any segments.
==========
Additional rights under GDPR for individuals
within the European Union
If you are located within the European Union, then you also
have the following additional rights under the GDPR.
We will comply with all of
our obligations under the GDPR in respect of these rights.
Where we process any personal information about you on the
basis of any consent given by you, you have the right to withdraw your consent
at any time by giving notice to us (which you can do using our contact details
set out above).
We will give effect to your withdrawal of consent promptly and
will cease any processing that you no longer consent to, unless we have another
lawful basis for that processing.
The withdrawal of your consent will not
affect the lawfulness of any processing that occurred prior to the date that
you notified us that you were withdrawing your consent.
==========
You have a right to information portability, which is the
right in certain circumstances to request a copy of your personal information
in in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit
this information to another data controller.
You may also request that we erase
any personal information that we hold about you which is no longer necessary
for any of the purposes that we collected it for, which you have withdrawn your
consent in respect of or processing which you are allowed under the GDPR to
object to.
We will comply with such requests unless we are permitted or
required by law to retain that information.
You also have the right to object to our processing of
personal information in certain circumstances, including where we process
personal information based on our legitimate interests.
You can also request
that we restrict our processing activities in some circumstances.
If you make
such a request in those circumstances, then we will continue to store your
personal information but will not otherwise process your personal information
without your consent or as otherwise permitted by law.
Making a
complaint
If you think we have breached the Privacy Act (if you are
located in Australia) or the GDPR (if you are located within the European
Union), or you wish to make a complaint about the way we have handled your
personal information, you can contact us at privacy@playgroundxyz.com.
==========
Please
include your name, email address and/or telephone number and clearly describe
your complaint.
We will acknowledge your complaint and respond to you regarding
your complaint within the time required by law (if applicable) or otherwise
within a reasonable period of time, typically within 30 days.
If you think that
we have failed to resolve the complaint satisfactorily, we will provide you
with information about the further steps you can take.
==========
Industry
Involvement
Playground XYZ is
involved with the following organisations:
-       
A member of IAB Australia.
-       
Registered as a vendor in the IAB Europe
Transparency & Consent Framework (http://advertisingconsent.eu/vendor-list/).
-       
Registered with the Information Commissioner’s
Office (ICO) UK.
Contact Us
For the purposes
of the GDPR, our representative within the European Union is:
 
PLAYGROUND XYZ EMEA LTD (UK Company No 10802474)
2nd Floor Waverley House
7-12 Noel Street
London, W1F 8GQ
United Kingdom
 
As our core activities do not consist of
processing operations that require regular and systematic monitoring of data
subjects on a large scale, we are not required under GDPR to appoint a data
protection officer.
For further
information about our Privacy Policy or practices, or to access or correct your
personal information, or make a complaint, please contact us using the details
set out below:
Scot Liddell -
COO
Level 11, 61 York
St, Sydney, 2000, Australia.
privacy@playgroundxyz.com
Effective: 10 May 2018
==========
