Expedia U.S.-EU and U.S.-Switzerland Safe Harbor Privacy Statement
Date: August 22, 2013
Last updated: August 22, 2013
Expedia has published this Safe Harbor Privacy Statement to explain how we handle all personal information about our customers and our staff (“individuals”) transferred to us from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland to the United States.
This Privacy Statement applies to Expedia, Inc. and to all its U.S.-incorporated affiliates which process personal information transferred to us from the EEA or Switzerland to the United States ("Expedia").
When processing customer and employee information of this kind, Expedia complies with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Switzerland Safe Harbor Frameworks, as set out in documentation on the U.S. Department of Commerce website (http://export.gov/safeharbor/index.asp), and as described further below.
Expedia complies with all such Safe Harbor documentation for both the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Switzerland Safe Harbor Frameworks, including the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the 15 Frequently Asked Questions and Answers (FAQs) guidance that expand on and clarify the Principles.
==========
Consistent with this documentation, in certain circumstances Expedia may apply the Principles in different ways, or may, when an exception applies and to the extent permitted, limit its adherence to the Privacy Principles.
Subject to the above, Expedia adheres to each of the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as follows:
Notice.
Expedia will notify individuals about the purposes for which Expedia collects and uses information about them.
Expedia will provide information to individuals about how they can contact Expedia with any inquiries or complaints, the types of third parties to which Expedia discloses the information, and the choices and means individuals may use to limit Expedia’s use and disclosure of information relating to those individuals.
Choice.
Expedia will give individuals the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether their personal information will be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
For sensitive information, Expedia will collect affirmative or explicit (opt in) consent from individuals if the information is to be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose other than its original purpose or the purpose subsequently authorized by the individual.
==========
Onward Transfer (Transfer to Third Parties).
To disclose information to a third party, Expedia will apply the Notice and Choice Principles set out above.
Where Expedia wishes to transfer information to a third party that is acting as an agent, Expedia may do so only after ensuring that the third party subscribes to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles or is subject to the Directive or another adequacy finding by the European Commission.
As an alternative, Expedia can enter into a written agreement with such third party requiring that the third party provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by any of the relevant Principles.
==========
Access.
Individuals will have access to personal information about them that Expedia holds and will be able to correct, amend, or delete that information where it is inaccurate, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual's privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.
Security.
Expedia will take reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity.
Expedia will take reasonable steps to ensure that data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current, and that personal information will be relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used by Expedia.
==========
Enforcement.
In order to ensure compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, Expedia will participate in a readily available and affordable independent recourse mechanism so that each individual's complaints can be investigated and resolved and damages awarded where the applicable law or private sector initiatives so provide; and Expedia will also implement procedures for verifying that the commitments that Expedia makes to adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles have been implemented.
Any questions or concerns regarding the Policy and its application should be directed to Expedia at this email address: privacy@expedia.com, or via direct mail at: Expedia, Inc., 333 108th Ave. NE, Bellevue, WA 98004 USA.
For complaints that cannot be resolved between Expedia and the complainant, Expedia has agreed to participate in the following dispute resolution procedures:
For disputes involving all personal information received by Expedia from Switzerland, Expedia has agreed to cooperate with the Swiss Federal Data and Information Commissioner; and
For disputes involving all personal information received by Expedia from the EEA, Expedia has agreed to cooperate with the data protection authorities in the EEA and to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the panel established by the European data protection authorities.
Please note that, with respect to customer data processed by Expedia that falls under the scope of this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement supplements the privacy policies posted on the respective Expedia websites.
This Privacy Statement may be changed from time to time as permitted under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor programs.
==========
