Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
BY USING THE SITE YOU AGREE THAT THESE TERMS OF USE CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT (THE “AGREEMENT”) BETWEEN YOU AND GOBANKINGRATES.
IF YOU ARE USING THE SITE ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER, PRINCIPAL OR CLIENT, EACH OF YOU AND YOUR EMPLOYER, PRINCIPAL OR CLIENT ARE SUBJECT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME.
==========
These Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the GOBankingRates website, www.gobankingrates.com (the “Site”), operated by GOBankingRates (“GOBankingRates” or “We”), including all means by which GOBankingRates provides content or services from the Site to you, such as accessing the Site online and delivery of content from the Site to you at your request (the “Service” or “Services”).
These Terms of Use are a license that governs your use of the Services, including your use of content available on the Site (the “Content”) and the Services and your interaction with the Site.
This Agreement is in addition to your obligations under the applicable Content License Agreement (if any).
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Content License Agreement, the Content License Agreement will control as to the conflicting terms.
==========
GOBankingRates may modify these Terms of Use from time to time in its sole discretion.
Each time you use or access the Site or Services or Content from the Site via the Services you will be deemed to have accepted any changes to these Terms of Use.
GOBankingRates shall have no obligation to notify you of any such changes other than posting such modifications on the Site, but We reserve the right (at our discretion) to provide you notice of such changes to any e-mail address you may have provided to GOBankingRates.
Ownership
The Site is owned and operated by GOBankingRates.
All aspects of the Site, including, but not limited to the design and “look and feel” thereof and all of the Content featured or displayed thereon, including, but not limited to text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images, animation, sound, illustrations and software and compilations thereof are, as between you and GOBankingRates, owned by GOBankingRates and/or its licensors or content providers.
==========
All elements of the Site, including but not limited to, the Content thereof are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to property rights.
Except as explicitly permitted under separate agreement with GOBankingRates, no portion or element of the Site or the Content may be reproduced, distributed, modified, publicly performed or displayed, transmitted, reverse engineered, decompiled, sold, sublicensed or otherwise exploited via any means or in any way and the Site, its Content and all related rights shall remain the exclusive property of GOBankingRates and/or its Licensors and/or Content providers unless otherwise expressly agreed.
Use of the Site and Services
You may not either directly or through the use of any device, software, internet site, web-based service or other means remove, alter, bypass, avoid, interfere with, or circumvent (i) any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices marked on the Content, (ii) any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure associated with the Content including geo-filtering mechanisms, or (iii) any advertisement inserted on the Site and/or within the Content.
You may not either directly or through the use of any device, software, internet site, web-based service or other means copy, download, stream capture, reproduce, duplicate, archive, distribute, upload, publish, modify, translate, broadcast, perform, display, sell, transmit or retransmit the Content unless expressly permitted by GOBankingRates in writing.
You may not incorporate the Content into, or stream or retransmit the Content via, any hardware or software application or make it available via frames or in-line links, or scrape or aggregate Content from the Site.
You may not build a business, in whole or in part, utilizing any portion of the Content, whether or not for profit.
==========
The Content covered by these restrictions includes without limitation any text, graphics, layout, interface, logos, photographs, audio and video materials, and stills.
In addition, you are strictly prohibited from creating derivative works or materials that otherwise are derived from or based on in any way on the Content, including montages, mash-ups and similar videos, wallpaper, desktop themes, greeting cards, and merchandise.
This prohibition applies even if you intend to give away the derivative materials free of charge.
==========
To the extent that GOBankingRates makes Content available to you via a widget, embedded player, rss feed or other technology that allows you to embed or stream Content on or to another site, you may not modify, enhance, remove, interfere with, or otherwise alter in any way any portion of such technology, any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure associated with such technology, or any advertisement delivered via such technology.
You are also prohibited from disabling, reverse engineering, modifying, interfering with or otherwise circumventing any technology to allow users to view the Content without: (i) displaying visibly both the Content and all surrounding elements (including the graphical user interface, any advertising, copyright notices, and trademarks); and (ii) having full access to all functionality permitting viewing of the Content, including, without limitation, all video quality and display functionality and all interactive, elective or click-through advertising functionality.
FOR THE PROTECTION OF GOBANKINGRATES AND ITS LICENSORS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS, CONTENT MAY BE VISIBLY, INVISIBLY, OR ELECTRONICALLY WATERMARKED AND MAY INCLUDE THE USE OF DIGITAL RIGHTS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TECHNOLOGY WITHIN THE CONTENT.
==========
SUCH TECHNOLOGY MAY PERMIT ONLINE CRAWLING OR TRACKING OF CONTENT OBTAINED FROM GOBANKINGRATES AND/OR OTHER METHODS OF PROTECTING, MONITORING, OR TRACKING THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF THE CONTENT (“RIGHTS MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS” OR “RMS”).
If you do not consent to GOBankingRates’ use of RMS, do not use the Site or any Content found therein.
You shall not knowingly disable any such technology or tool.
You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Content, caption information, or any other material on this Site.
Additionally, unless authorized by GOBankingRates in writing, you may not:
deep link or employ software or any automatic device, technology or algorithm, to “crawl,” “scrape,” search or monitor the Site and/or retrieve or copy Content or related information;
violate the mechanical restrictions of the Site, or bypass other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Site or Content by hacking or other means;
copy, redirect, or exploit the Site or any Content;
probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site or of the network supporting the Site, or seek information on visitors to the Site or personal information of our customers; or
use any device, software or routine that would interfere with the proper functioning of the Site, or any transaction conducted via the Site.
==========
Access to the Site and Availability of Services
You must be 18 years of age to be eligible to use this Site unsupervised and We ask that minors and children do not submit any personal information to us.
By using this Site unsupervised, and/or registering for an account, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.
This Site and the Services intended for use by residents in the United States of America, its territories and possessions (“U.S.”).
You are responsible for any charges incurred in obtaining access to the Site and the Services.
Registration Rules and Requirements
Registration
Registration with the Site grants you certain privileges.
Registration may be required to access certain Services or Content or to receive email alerts or other interactive or on demand Services.
==========
You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information about yourself, and to update this information when it changes.
If you provide any information that is untrue or inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if GOBankingRates suspects that your information is untrue or inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or for any other reason, GOBankingRates may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your membership and/or access to certain Content or refuse current or future access to the Service.
Any personal information supplied hereunder will be subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
==========
You shall be liable for payment for all Content downloaded by others using your account, with or without your permission and knowledge prior to the time that you notify GOBankingRates of any unauthorized use.
You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for damages, fees or costs resulting from all uses of your account, whether actually or expressly authorized by you.
Passwords
Should GOBankingRates provide to you a password that allows you to access certain parts of the Site or for the Services, you will be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and your account information, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.
You agree that you will immediately notify GOBankingRates of any unauthorized use of your password or account, or any other breach of security, and that you will log off of the Site or the Services at the end of each session to prevent fraud on your account by third parties.
Communications from the Site
GOBankingRates may send you newsletters or other communications.
You have the option to unsubscribe from such emails.
==========
GOBankingRates reserves the right to send you emails regarding your account or emails containing service updates or other communications relating to the operation of the Site or Services.
Monitoring
GOBankingRates has no obligation to monitor the use of the Site or Services by members.
You acknowledge and agree that GOBankingRates reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information transmitted or received through the Site or Services for operational and other purposes.
==========
During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used for authorized purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of the Site or Services constitutes consent to such monitoring.
DISCLAIMERS
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
==========
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, GOBANKINGRATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
GOBANKINGRATES MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (i) THE SITE SHALL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SITE SHALL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR-FREE OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; (iii) THE CONTENT OR THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITE SHALL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE CONTENT OR SITE SHALL BE CORRECTED; AND (vi) THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR DOES NOT INFRINGE UPON ANOTHER’S RIGHTS.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM GOBANKINGRATES OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, UNLESS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE OR IN ANY APPLICABLE AGREEMENT, BETWEEN YOU AND GOBANKINGRATES.
You agree that GOBankingRates is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on any of the Services or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to users or to any person’s computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials in connection with the Services.
Under no circumstances shall GOBankingRates be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from use of the Site, from any Content posted on or through GOBankingRates, or from the conduct of any users of the Services, whether online or offline.
==========
Despite our efforts to provide accurate information, this Site may contain technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Additionally, this Site and its Content may include historically and culturally important images and text that may contain subjects that reflect the social attitudes and circumstances of a particular time or location.
You should be aware that your search may display results containing content that may seem inappropriate to its context, or text that could be potentially offensive.
==========
You are solely responsible for determining whether your use of any Content requires the consent of any third party or the license of any additional rights, and you should not rely solely on the information provided by GOBankingRates or its licensors or content providers.
If you are unsure whether additional third-party rights are needed for your use, you are responsible for consulting with competent rights management professionals or legal counsel.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER GOBANKINGRATES NOR ITS LICENSORS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT THEREON UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN AN APPLICABLE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND GOBANKINGRATES.
WITH RESPECT TO ALL OTHER CLAIMS RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR CONTENT, UNLESS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN A LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR USE OF THE CONTENT WITH GOBANKINGRATES, GOBANKINGRATES’ LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT PAID TO GOBANKINGRATES BY YOU, IF ANY, OR $500.
THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THESE TERMS OF USE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless GOBankingRates, its parent and subsidiary companies and divisions, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or accruing from your breach of these Terms of Use or your unauthorized use of the Site, the Content and/or other related rights.
==========
Termination
GOBankingRates may, in its sole discretion, terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) and/or your use of or license to the Site or Services (or any portion thereof), or remove and discard any information stored, sent, or received via the Site or Services without prior notice and for any reason, including, but not limited to: (i) permitting another person or entity to use your Registration information to access a Site or Service, (ii) any other access or use of the Site or Service except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, (iii) any violation of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use including the rules and regulations relating to the use of, the Content, Site or Services, or (iv) tampering with or alteration of any of the Content, Site or Services.
You may terminate your Registration by closing your Registration account.
Termination, suspension, or cancellation of these Terms of Use or your access rights shall not affect any right or relief to which GOBankingRates may be entitled, at law or in equity.
Upon termination of these Terms of Use, all rights granted to you will automatically terminate.
Infringement Policy
GOBankingRates respects the rights of all copyright holders and in this regard, GOBankingRates has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of users and account holders who infringe the rights of copyright holders.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide GOBankingRates’ Copyright Agent the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 512:
1.
==========
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
2.
Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
3.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
4.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party;
5.
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
6.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
==========
For copyright inquiries under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act please contact us via e-mail at info@gobankingrates.com
By visiting, using and/or submitting information to www.GOBankingRates.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
GOBankingRates takes your privacy seriously, and has published this Privacy Policy to explain how GOBankingRates treats all information you may submit to www.GOBankingRates.com, except that information which is submitted pursuant to a sweepstakes entry.
Refer to the Official Rules and Privacy Policy for each individual sweepstakes for GOBankingRates’s specific policies regarding information sharing and disclosure pursuant to sweepstakes entry.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
Many of the features of www.GOBankingRates.com are available to you without your providing personally identifiable information.
Personally identifiable information generally includes information that could be used to determine your identity, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and birth date.
==========
The following are certain situations in which GOBankingRates may collect personally identifiable information from you:
Registration for Newsletters and Sweepstakes.
GOBankingRates collects personally identifiable information from you if you register online for one of GOBankingRates’s newsletters and when you enter GOBankingRates’s sweepstakes.
When you register online with GOBankingRates, GOBankingRates asks for personally identifiable information like your name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry, personal interests and other demographic information.
Use of Forums.
.
==========
If you choose to transmit, submit or post information through GOBankingRates’s chat rooms, bulletin boards or other forums (the “Forums”), GOBankingRates will collect that information you provide.
GOBankingRates retains this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law and pursuant to GOBankingRates’s Terms of Use.
Forms.
GOBankingRates may collect personally identifiable information from you if you choose to fill out any forms, profiles, or surveys on www.GOBankingRates.com.
Correspondence.
If you send GOBankingRates personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send GOBankingRates correspondence about your activities or postings on www.GOBankingRates.com, GOBankingRates may choose to collect such information into a file specific to you.
Business Partners GGOBankingRates may receive your personally identifiable information from one of GOBankingRates’s business partners.
==========
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
GOBankingRates uses your personally identifiable information as follows:
to improve GOBankingRates’s marketing and promotional efforts, analyze site usage, improve GOBankingRates’s content and product offerings, and customize GOBankingRates’s content, layout, and services;
to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of www.GOBankingRates.com;
to fulfill your requests for certain products and services;
for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity, to enforce GOBankingRates’s Terms of Use, for other internal purposes, and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection; and
as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
Unless you are entering one of GOBankingRates’s sweepstakes, GOBankingRates does not currently sell your personally identifiable information.
The following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business:
Advertisers.
GOBankingRates may aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes.
For example, GOBankingRates may aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose it to network advertisers in a non-personally identifiable manner as set forth in the section entitled “Network Advertisers,” set forth below.
==========
External Service Providers.
There are a number of separate services offered by third parties, including, without limitation, GOBankingRates’s affiliates, that GOBankingRates refers to as external service providers that may be complementary to your use of www.GOBankingRates.com (e.g. realtors, mortgage brokers, lenders, financial institutions, credit card issuers, information aggregators).
If you choose to use these separate services, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their privacy policy.
With your consent, GOBankingRates may provide some of your personal information to the external service provider offering such services, for your convenience.
To prevent GOBankingRates’s disclosure of your personally identifiable information to an external service provider, you can decline such consent or simply not use their services.
You should evaluate the practices of external services providers before deciding to use their services.
Internal Service Providers.
==========
GOBankingRates may use third parties that GOBankingRates refers to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of GOBankingRates’s business, product and service operations that GOBankingRates provides to you (e.g., technology, Forums, newsletters/alerts, analytical tools, advertising campaign management) and therefore GOBankingRates may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers.
These internal service providers are subject to confidentiality agreements with GOBankingRates or other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information GOBankingRates provides them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced GOBankingRates related operation, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses.
In some instances, the internal service provider may collect information directly from you.
In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider, and all additional information you provide them and their additional uses will be strictly up to you.
If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your personally identifiable information is governed by their applicable privacy policy.
Personally identifiable information and other personal information collected from you may also be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale, acquisition, merger, reorganization, other transfer or bankruptcy (a “Transfer”) involving GOBankingRates and/or its affiliates.
GOBankingRates specifically reserves the right to transfer personally identifiable information collected from www.GOBankingRates.com, and any of its databases, together with any personally identifiable information contained therein, to a third party in connection with a Transfer, and nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with the ability of GOBankingRates to transfer all or part of its business and/or assets (including www.GOBankingRates.com) to an affiliate or independent third party at any time, for any purpose, without any limitation whatsoever.
==========
Network Advertising.
GOBankingRates may use third-party advertising companies for marketing, advertising and promotional purposes, as well as to serve advertisements to you.
Using third-party advertising companies helps us and third-party advertisers better determine which advertisements or content to serve to you.
For example, the third-party advertisers may use information regarding your visits to www.GOBankingRates.com and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services, that third party advertisers believe will be of interest to you.
The types of information that may be collected by third-party advertising companies include the following:
the type of Internet browser you use;
the type of computer operating system you use;
the domain name of a Web site you visit, as well as information related to Web sites and Web pages you are viewing when an advertisement is requested;
whether or not you visit specific pages of www.GOBankingRates.com or other Web sites;
the location of your Internet service provider’s point of presence;
the date and time of a visit to a Web site;
search keywords passed from another server;
the number of times you have clicked on an advertisement; and
other interactions between you and a Web site.
==========
If you would like to opt-out of third-party advertising companies’ use of such information, go to www.SavingsSavy.info/unsubscribe
Newsletters and CAN-SPAM Compliance
GOBankingRates.com sends only verified newsletters, specifically requested by GOBankingRates subscribers.
Subscriptions to GOBankingRates.com newsletters are verified by sending an e-mail.
GOBankingRates.com is fully compliant with the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003.
==========
Cookie technology
“Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers in the form of text files that are inserted and stored by your Web browser on your computer’s hard drive.
GOBankingRates, its external service providers, internal service providers, and third-party advertising companies, may set and access cookies on your computer to track and store preferential information about you.
GOBankingRates, and its external service providers, internal service providers, and third-party advertising companies gather anonymous information about you through cookie technology on an aggregate level only.
For example, a third-party advertising company may assign a cookie (and a Web beacon, described below) to you, to limit the amount of times you see a particular advertisement or to help better determine which advertisements to serve to you.
Please note that most Internet browsers will allow you to stop cookies from being stored on your computer and to delete cookies stored on your computer.
==========
Security
Personally identifiable information you submit to GOBankingRates is password-protected for your privacy and security.
In certain areas GOBankingRates uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
In the unlikely event that an unauthorized third party compromises GOBankingRates security measures, GOBankingRates will not be responsible for any damages directly or indirectly caused by an unauthorized third party’s ability to view, use or disseminate such information.
Links to Other Web sites
www.GOBankingRates.com may include links to other third party Web sites.
Such links are not an endorsement by GOBankingRates of those Web sites and/or the products or services offered there.
Third party Web sites may have different privacy policies and GOBankingRates is not responsible for the privacy practices of those third party Web sites.
If you click on a link to a third party Web site, GOBankingRates encourages you to check the privacy policy of that Web site, as it may differ substantially from that of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
GOBankingRates reserves the right to update, amend and/or change this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion and without notice.
==========
Updates to this Privacy Policy will be posted here.
Any information GOBankingRates collects from you online is subject only to GOBankingRates’ most current Privacy Policy.
You are encouraged to revisit this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to review any changes that have been made.
GOBankingRates’ last update was July 1, 2008.
Your continued access and use of www.GOBankingRates.com following the posting of any such changes shall automatically be deemed your acceptance of the same.
==========
Advertisers
Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here.
This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear).
These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
All financial products, shopping products and services are presented without warranty.
Additionally, this site may be compensated through third party advertisers.
==========
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions, comments, concerns or feedback regarding this Privacy Policy, send an e-mail to info@gobankingrates.com
Governing Law; Arbitration
You agree that: (i) www.GOBankingRates.com shall be deemed solely based in the State of California; and (ii) www.GOBankingRates.com shall be deemed a passive Web site that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over GOBankingRates, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than the State of California.
This Privacy Policy is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without regard for principles of conflicts of laws.
Any civil action, claim, dispute or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be referred to final and binding arbitration, before a single arbitrator, under the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association.
THEREFORE, YOU DO NOT HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO GO TO COURT TO ASSERT OR DEFEND YOUR RIGHTS AND YOU GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN OR BRING CLASS ACTIONS.
BY USING WWW.GOBANKINGRATES.COM YOU CONSENT TO THESE RESTRICTIONS.
==========
You and GOBankingRates shall select the arbitrator, and if you and GOBankingRates are unable to reach agreement on selection of the arbitrator within thirty (30) days after the notice of arbitration is served, then the American Arbitration Association shall select the arbitrator.
Arbitration shall not commence until the party requesting it has deposited One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) with the arbitrator for the arbitrator’s fees and costs.
The party requesting arbitration shall advance such sums as are required from time to time by the arbitrator to pay the arbitrator’s fees and costs until the prevailing party is determined or the parties have agreed in writing to an alternate allocation of fees and costs.
Judgment upon any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final, binding and conclusive upon you and GOBankingRates and your and GOBankingRates’s respective administrators, executors, legal representatives, successors and assigns, and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, in no event shall either you or GOBankingRates be entitled to punitive, special, indirect or consequential damages and both you and GOBankingRates hereby waive your and GOBankingRates’s respective rights to any punitive, special, indirect or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, damages for any loss of profit, revenue or business.
==========
If any portion of this Privacy Policy is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any arbitrator, this Privacy Policy as a whole shall not be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of this Privacy Policy that is unlawful, void or unenforceable shall be stricken from this Privacy Policy.
The headings contained in this Privacy Policy are for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Privacy Policy, and shall not limit or otherwise affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Privacy Policy.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Privacy Policy, as may be amended by GOBankingRates from time to time, shall survive your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
==========
