Home » WorthPoint Privacy Policy
ATTENTION: Please take a moment to read this privacy policy carefully as it provides information about WorthPoint Corporation’s (“WorthPoint”) information, collection, use and handling practices.
If you have any questions whatsoever, please do not hesitate to contact us using the information in the section below entitled “Contact Information”.
This privacy policy was last updated in September, 2007.
Please check back periodically for further updates and changes.
WorthPoint takes it commitment to privacy seriously and, therefore, has adopted this privacy policy to let you know:
How we collect information and what types of information we collect
How we use the information we collect and for what purposes
When and to whom information we collect may be disclosed
How we safeguard and protect Personal Information (defined below) you provide
The choices that are available to you regarding our collection and use of Personal Information
How you may access, review and change Personal Information you provide
For the purposes of this privacy policy, “Personal Information” is personally identifiable information about an individual person such as a person’s name, physical address, email address and telephone number, as more particularly described under applicable privacy laws.
1.
==========
Policy Scope
This privacy policy applies to all of WorthPoint’s businesses, affiliates, and subsidiaries, including, but not
limited to our websites, and covers the use and disclosure of information that WorthPoint may collect any time you interact with us e.g. when you use our websites, when you call our customer service department, or when you purchase any of our products and services.
OUR WEBSITES ARE INTENDED TO BE ACCESSED AND USED ONLY FROM THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
If you are accessing and using our websites from outside the USA, please note the information that you provide will be transferred to the USA or other countries which may not provide the same level of legal data protection as the country from which you access our websites.
By using our websites and submitting information to us, you consent to such transfers and the processin
==========
