On Capitol Hill, Nick Cannon talks Online Privacy for ChildrenWASHINGTON, D.C. ?
Music and television personality Nick Cannon appeared on Capitol Hill today to endorse a bill aimed at increasing online privacy for children.
Appearing at a press conference hosted by Representatives Ed Markey, D-Mass., and Joe Barton, R-Tex., the entertainer said he was...Online privacy policies: User privacy vs. tracking technologiesRyan Boudreaux looks at the state of online privacy policies in light of Google's and others run-ins with consumers.
Does your web dev strategy include tracking technologies?Nick Cannon Lobbies for Kids' Online PrivacyWASHINGTON, D.C. ?
Music and television personality Nick Cannon appeared on Capitol Hill today to endorse a bill aimed at increasing online privacy for children.
Appearing at a press conference hosted by Representatives Ed Markey, D-Mass., and Joe Barton, R-Tex., the entertainer said he was...Privacy concerns grow as more websites monitor Americans' online livesWASHINGTON -- In the space of one month, the conversation about life online swiveled from "stop online piracy" to "stop online privacy.
==========
"Privacy Cannot Trump A Great User ExperiencePost written by Derek Richer, director of strategic market research, Last week, President Obama took an initial step toward greater online privacy protection when he announced his blueprint for a "Privacy Bill of Rights."
In his statement the President asserted, "Consumers have a right to exercise control over what personal data organizations collect from them ...Online Privacy Laws a Distant DreamConsumers continue to be bombarded with a rash of troubling revelations about how companies are treating their personal information, from Google?s controversial changes in its privacy practices to track users as they move from Gmail to YouTube to Google?s search engine, to revelations that iPhone applications may allow apps developers to access a user?s address book and even photos.
==========
And all of ...Web giants' privacy strategy faces hard sellEmboldened by their victory in quashing online piracy legislation, Internet companies are gearing up for a battle over whether consumers should be able to restrict efforts to gather personal data.Web giants' privacy plan faces hard sellEmboldened by their victory in quashing online piracy legislation, Internet companies are gearing up for a battle over whether consumers should be able to restrict efforts to gather personal data.Internet privacy a growing concern, Pew findsAmericans are using online search engines, especially Google, more than ever before, but an increasing number worry that the tracking of their online activities is an invasion of privacy, according to a new study...Web giants' consumer privacy strategy faces hard sellWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Emboldened by their victory in quashing online piracy legislation, U.S. Internet companies are gearing up for a battle over whether consumers should be able to restrict efforts to gather personal data.
Google Inc, Facebook, Apple Inc and other tech companies have lobbied against congressional and federal agency proposals that would let Internet users press "do not track ... 






OPA's privacy policy guidelines

Guidelines for effective enforcement of self-regulation

Creating Consumer Confidence Online Brochure

More business resources...


 The Online Privacy Alliance lead and supported self-regulatory initiatives that created an environment of trust and that foster the protection of individuals' privacy online and in electronic commerce.For businesses and webmasters wanting to comply with the ever increasing strict regulations  and protocols as in Europe, Privacy Alliance recommends obtaining the advise of a credited and qualified internet marketers in your State who are upto date with local laws.
==========
For Privacy Concerned Users.
Identity protection is one step closer towards protecting your privacy.
The privacy of individuals is crucial for safety and security, for both personal and professional reasons.
==========
The best way to ensure your privacy is protected online is to familiarize yourself with basic software, choosing the right browser and anti-viral program.
It is also important to familiarize yourself with the best type of computer, printer, keyboard, hard drive, mouse and any other computer devices for proficiency.
Don't spend hours relentlessly protecting your identity, let a reputable ID theft company do it for you.
Nowadays, whether it be social or business,more and more interaction is being done online.Social networks such as Google + and Facebook have privacy issues that need to be considered and understood before joining wholeheartedly.Such issues are discussed here.
Other things such as making online applications should be done warily and by reading the privacy policies of such websites.You should also research and ascertain whether the websites belong to valid and authentic businesses.Take for example the New York Academy Film School which allows for application to their many film school programmes to be done online.They display a valid physical address with phone and fax numbers and display their privacy policy clearly.
Depending on your business, you should also become aware of any programs that you use regularly, such as MYOB or Dreamweaver, as well any other computer peripheral.
By ensuring you have thorough knowledge about the ins and outs of your computer, you will have the power to  protect yourself.
==========
