Welcome to AddThis.com, a website owned and controlled by Clearspring Technologies, Inc. ("Clearspring", "we", "us", or "our").
We operate the AddThis sharing platform, 
which makes sharing content on the web easy.
We are aware of the trust you place in us and our 
		    responsibility to protect your privacy.
As part of this responsibility, we provide this privacy policy to let you know what information we 
		    collect, how we use it, share it and protect it.
==========
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to the website located at www.addthis.com (the "Site"), 
the tools and interactive forums made available through the Site and the AddThis sharing platform, as well as a number of related services (collectively the "Services").
By visiting the Site or using the Services, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy.
To be clear about the terminology we are using, when we use the phrase "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy,
we mean information that is used or intended to be used to personally identify an individual, like a name, address, e-mail address, or phone number,
as well as other non-public information that is associated with this personal information.
When we use the phrase "Anonymous Information" in this Privacy
Policy, we mean information that is not used nor intended to be used to personally identify an individual and is not associated with or linked to Personal Information.
As a general rule there are two categories of users of the Site and Services: "Publishers" who are operators or publishers of websites that make
the AddThis sharing platform available on their website, and "End Users" who are individual visitors of a website and use the AddThis sharing platform to
share a website's content with others.
==========
The Site and Services are hosted in the United States.
If you access the Site or Services from the European Union, Asia, or any other region
with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your 
continued use of the Site or Services, you are transferring your Personal Information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
Additionally, you 
understand that your Personal Information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing Personal Information
may be less stringent than in your country.
Our Site and Services
(a) The Information We Gather and How We Use it: When you access the Site or Services, we may collect the following information:

Personal Information - We collect Personal Information when you knowingly provide it, including when you register for the Site,
provide feedback, or request information.
We use your Personal Information to administer your account and provide you services, to send communications and
administrative emails, to respond to your inquiries, to market to you, and to improve the quality of the Site and Services.
Additionally, we may strip your Personal
Information of any information that specifically identifies you to effectively create Anonymous Information and we will use this Anonymous Information as provided
in this Privacy Policy.
As the Services we offer that require registration are designed for Publishers, it is our expectation that we will not collect Personal Information
from End Users.
==========
Anonymous Information - When you access our Site or use our Services, we use Cookies and log files to automatically record
information that your browser sends.
This includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and the web
pages you have visited.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's web browser while you are viewing a website.
We may
use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide
you with a more personal and interactive experience.
Persistent Cookies can be removed or blocked by following the help file directions in your Internet browser.
If you elect to block Cookies, you may not be able to access certain personalized sections of our Services such as Publisher reports.
We use log files and Cookies 
to improve the quality of our Site and Services; to keep track of your login name, passwords, and pages you have visited; and to tailor content to your interests and 
to personalize the Services on your behalf.
(b) Information Sharing: We share Personal Information and Anonymous Information with other companies or individuals as follows:

When they help us operate our business, such as with vendors that assist us in sending email, marketing and customer service.
With third parties if we have a good faith belief that access, use, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or an enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce the applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Clearspring, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
With any of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us, in which case we will require them to honor this policy.
Additionally, in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred.
==========
With third parties to whom you ask us to send Personal Information;
In addition, we may aggregate your Anonymous Information with the Anonymous Information of others and share that aggregated information with third parties without restriction.
(c) Forums:  We make interactive forums available on the Site and as part of the Services.
Any information that you post to these 
		    interactive forums or otherwise choose to make publicly available, including your Personal Information, may be disclosed and available to all 
		    users who have access to any interactive forum and is no longer private.
Please be thoughtful about what you post and make publicly available 
		    through our interactive forums.
==========
(d) Choice: If you have provided Personal Information such as your email address when registering for our Site, you may modify that 
		    information at any time by visiting your account settings (http://addthis.com/settings).
As we use your user name as the account identifier, 
		    you cannot change your user name.
While we would be sorry to see you go, you can delete your account at any time.
Keep in 
		    mind, however, that even if you delete your account, we may retain your Personal Information in conformance with our data retention policy, 
		    under which we may retain such information to comply with laws, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any 
		    investigations, enforce our Terms of Use, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
There may be residual Personal Information 
		    that remains within our databases, access logs, and other records.
In addition, we are not responsible for updating or removing your 
		    Personal Information already disclosed to third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Policy.
==========
You can opt out 
		    of receiving certain email communications from the Site by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each email.
Please note that 
		    even if you unsubscribe or opt-out, we may still send you Site and Service related communications.
Additional Information about the AddThis Sharing Platform

		    We operate the AddThis sharing platform (the "AddThis Platform"), which makes sharing content on the web easy.
If you are reading this 
		    policy, you are probably familiar with our buttons, menus and toolboxes (collectively, the "AddThis Buttons") that Publishers place on 
		    their websites to allow you to share their content through email, social networking websites, blogs and more.
Or you may be using one of 
		    our AddThis toolbars or other tools that allow you, an End User, to share content from virtually any website (collectively "Toolbars").
This section describes how we collect, use and share your information as part of the AddThis sharing platform.
(a) The Information We Gather and How We Use It:


Personal Information - When you, an End User, send an email using the AddThis platform, we collect your email address, the email address of the person (or people) to whom you are sending the content and allow you the opportunity to write a cover note.
We use this Personal Information only to send the email on your behalf and for no other purpose.
This Personal Information may be available to people to whom you send content, so please be thoughtful about the people to whom you send content and the information that you post in your cover note.
==========
To be clear, we do not collect sensitive personal information such as financial account numbers, GPS location, social security numbers, or medical records.
If you are accessing the Site or Services on behalf of a Publisher, you may provide your email address when you register the Publisher on the Site and create a user name and password.
Any choices you make, information you knowingly provide us or data we gather and provide to you in analytics reports about the use of the AddThis Platform on the Publisher's website is the Publisher's Personal Information.
We use and share this Personal Information as described in the Section headed Our Site and Services.
==========
In addition, we include the user name you have chosen in the AddThis sharing code the Publisher places on its website, which enables us to associate analytics data with the Publisher's account.
For this reason, you may wish to choose a user name that does not include your personal name and information, as the Publisher website's code is publicly viewable.
Anonymous Information - When you, an End User, download a page that contains one of our AddThis Buttons, our server logs collect your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, and the date and time of your request.
==========
We use this information to improve our internal operations and software.
In addition to log files, when a page containing one of our AddThis Buttons is downloaded, we may also set Cookies.
Without knowing who you are, our Cookies may record information about how you use the web, for example, the websites and webpages you have visited, web searches that landed you on a page of interest, categories of interest, and if and how often you share content with others using the AddThis platform.
We use this information to customize the AddThis Button to your usage patterns (e.g., if you share to Facebook, we make sure that Facebook icon is at the top of your AddThis Button menu) and to target advertising as described in more detail below.
Targeted Advertising - We make the AddThis platform available to End Users and Publishers at no cost.
To support our Services, we operate an advertising network in which we use the Anonymous Information we collect to deliver or enable the delivery of advertising that is customized to you, an End User, based on your preferences and internet usage.
==========
For example, we may use your IP address to determine your geographic location and deliver advertising to you on behalf of businesses that are in your neighborhood or that sell products and services in your area.
We may notice that you have been looking at car websites and deliver advertisements from car manufacturers.
We view these targeted advertisements, which you may see on almost any website on the Internet, as a benefit to both you and the advertiser as we bring closer together consumers who are looking for products with manufacturers who provide them.
==========
We understand, however, that some people prefer not to receive targeted advertising and if you are one of those people, you may opt out of receiving our targeted ads (please see the section below on Choice).
Toolbars - In addition to the AddThis Buttons that appear on Publisher websites, we offer Toolbars that can be downloaded by End Users and used to share content from virtually any website.
We do not target advertising based upon information collected through any Toolbar unless you opt-in to such use.
(b) Information Sharing.
We share the information we collect through the AddThis platform in the same way described in Our Site and Services section above.
In addition, we may assist our advertising partners in setting cookies so that we can share all or some of the Anonymous Information with them.
Our advertising partners use the Anonymous Information to deliver targeted advertising.
Please see the section below on Choice if you 
		    do not want us to share information with our advertising partners].
To be clear the Anonymous Information provided to our advertising partners does 
		    not contain any Personal Information of End Users.
When you input a search query into one of our Toolbars, we pass the search query to the search provider we have contracted with
to provide search results (e.g., Yahoo or another search provider).
The search provider’s use of the search query, any results and other information collected, used or disclosed
associated with the search is governed by their privacy policy.
==========
(c) Choice

		    We believe that advertising on the Internet is more interesting when it is relevant.
But if you prefer that we do not collect information 
		    about your web usage for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising, you can opt-out by clicking here or by 
		    clicking the opt-out link in the footer of each page of our Site.
To be clear, opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online 
		    advertisements.
It simply means that the advertising we provide to you will no longer be tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
==========
As noted above, we may have helped our advertising partners set cookies.
In order to ensure that no additional information is collected by 
		    these Cookies for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising, you can clear all of your Cookies as provided in your browser's instructions.
Please be aware, however, if you do so, the Clearspring opt-out Cookie will also be deleted and we will again collect behavioral information 
		    unless you renew your Clearspring opt-out.
If you use more than one browser or more than one computer, you'll need to opt out from each browser and each computer.
You can opt-out from other network advertising from the opt-out page of the Network Advertising Initiative.
Finally, we allow Publishers to prohibit us from collecting information about visitors to the Site.
==========
Information security

		    We take reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security 
		    measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to Personal Information to Clearspring employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, 
		    develop or improve our Services.
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination, 
		    if they fail to meet these obligations.
Despite these measures, you should know that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with 
		    Personal Information and mistakes may happen.
Children

		    We do not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from individuals who are under 13 years of age, and no part of our Site or 
		    Services are designed to attract people under the age of 13.
Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us.
If we obtain 
		    knowledge that a user is under the age of 13, we will take steps to remove that user's Personal Information from our databases.
==========
Links to Other Sites

		    Our Site and Services contain links to, and allow you to share content on, third party websites and services.
The fact that we link to 
		    a website or service or allow you to share content on them is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated 
		    with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
This privacy policy 
		    applies only as provided in the scope section above.
Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the 
		    use or disclosure of the personal information.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Questions or Comments?
Clearspring regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this 
		    Privacy Policy by contacting us through this Site, by emailing us at addthis-info@clearspring.com or writing to us at:
		

		    Privacy
		    c/o Clearspring Technologies, Inc.
==========
8000 Westpark Drive, Suite 625
		    McLean, VA 22102
		    USA
		
Changes to this Privacy Policy

		    Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this 
		    Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this Site or by writing to us at the address set forth above.
Last Updated: August 26, 2010
==========
