Cookies (MGN)
Please note - this policy explains how cookies are used on Trinity Mirror sites from 16th February 2009.
Use of cookies by Trinity Mirror
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit or certain emails you open.
They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide business and marketing information to the owners of the site.
For more detailed information about cookies visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Four types of cookie may be used during your visit to Trinity Mirror:
Trinity Mirror session cookies that are deleted after each visit.
Trinity Mirror persistent cookies are valid across visits and, for example, are used to remember your city of residence for the weather report
Third party cookies that are used by our partners, for example, to help us measure site visitors.
Some of the cookies are essential in order for you to use the Trinity Mirror sites
We will match information gathered from cookies with any information you have given us about yourself or we have collected about you for the purposes explained in our Privacy Policy.
Here is a list of all the cookies that Trinity Mirror set and how we use them:-
Trinity Mirror cookie types
Cookie Name
Purpose
Session cookie
Used to maintain your identity with Trinity Mirror (expires once user closes their active browser.)
Minimises the need to transfer your information across the Internet
Trinity Mirror tracking cookie
Used to recognise repeat visitors to the site and in conjunction with other information we hold to attempt to record specific browsing information (that is, about the way you arrive at the site, pages you view, options you select, information you enter and path you take through the site) against an individual customer profile.
==========
Ad Trafficking cookie
Various 3rd parties we partner with in order to improve the relevance of content we serve to you as a user
Here is a list of some cookies that may be set by our business partners on Trinity Mirror sites
Partners
Purpose
Omniture
Our website statistics supplier, used to track page use and paths through Trinity Mirror.
DoubleClick
Our online advertising technology, used for the purpose of serving our Internet advertisements on Trinity Mirror sites.
They may also report back some information to DoubleClick about the interaction performed on each advertisement
Google Analytics
Google Analytics tracking uses cookies in order to provide meaningful site traffic reports.
Additionally, Google Analytics cookies do not collect personal data about our website visitors.
Sage Metrics
Sage Metrics randomly generates ID number to enable us to track returning visitors.
This is used for the purpose of understanding our user's navigation and preferences in order to improve the user experience on the site.
Information captured in the cookie remains at all times fully anonymous
BlueLithium
BlueLithium will randomly record logs that may include your Internet Protocol address, browser type, page you request, one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser, and responses by a web surfer to an advertisement delivered by the website.
==========
