These terms and conditions (“User
      Terms”) apply to your visit to and your use of our
      website at www.uber.com (the
      “Website”), the Service and the
      Application (as defined below), as well as to all information,
      recommendations and or services provided to you on or through the
      Website, the Service and the Application.
PLEASE READ THESE USER TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING OUR
      APPLICATION AND/OR USING OUR SERVICE.
Uber

      Your contracting partner is Uber B.V., a private limited liability
      company established in the Netherlands, having its offices at
      Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN Amsterdam, the Netherlands,
      registered at the Chamber of Commerce under number 55808646
      (“Uber”).
What services does Uber provide?
Uber offers information and a means to obtain transportation
      services offered by third party transportation providers, drivers or
      vehicle operators (the “Transportation
      Provider”), which may be requested through the use of
      an application supplied by Uber and downloaded and installed by you
      on your single mobile device (smart phone) (the
      “Application”).
All services provided
      by Uber to you by means of your use of the Application are hereafter
      referred to as the “Service”.
How is a contract concluded between Uber and you?
By using the Application or the Service, you enter into a contract
      with Uber (the “Contract”).
In order to
      be able to use the Application or Service, you first need to sign up
      with Uber.
When signing up, you are obligated to provide Uber with
      your personal information, mobile telephone number and credit card
      data.
Upon successful completion of your signing up with Uber, Uber
      will provide you with a personal account, accessible for you with a
      password of your choice.
==========
You have to be 18 years of age or older to use the Service or
      Application.
If you reside in a jurisdiction that restricts the use
      of the Service or Application because of age, or restricts the
      ability to enter into contracts such as this one due to age, you
      must abide by such age limits and you must not use the Service and
      the Application.
You represent that if you are an individual, you
      are of legal age to enter into a binding contract, or that if you
      are registering on behalf of a legal entity, that you are authorized
      to enter into, and bind the entity to, these User Terms and register
      for the Service and the Application.
==========
How to use the Service and the Application

      The Application allows you to send a request for transportation
      service to a Transportation Provider.
The GPS receiver - which
      should be installed on the mobile device (smart phone) on which you
      have downloaded the Application - detects your location and sends
      your location information to the relevant Transportation Provider.
The Transportation Provider has sole and complete discretion to
      accept or reject each request for transportation service.
The
      Transportation Provider also has sole and complete discretion over
      whether to use the Application to receive the leads generated
      through the Application.
If the Transportation Provider accepts a
      request, the Application notifies you and provides information
      regarding the Transportation Provider - including its name,
      vehicle license number, and customer service rating - and the
      ability to contact the Transportation Provider by telephone.
==========
The
      Application also allows you to view the Transportation Provider's
      progress towards the pick-up point, in real time.
Uber shall procure reasonable efforts to bring you into contact with
      a Transportation Provider in order to obtain transportation service,
      subject to the availability of Transportation Providers in or
      around your location at the moment of your request for
      transportation services.
For the avoidance of doubt: Uber itself does not
 provide transportation services, and Uber is not a
      transportation carrier.
It is up to the Transportation Provider to
      offer transportation services, which may be requested through the
      use of the Application and/or the Service.
Uber only acts as
      intermediary between you and the Transportation Provider.
The
      provision of the transportation services by the Transportation
      Provider to you is therefore subject to the agreement (to be)
      entered into between you and the Transportation Provider.
==========
Uber shall
      never be a party to such agreement.
Your use of the Application or the Service

      You warrant that the information you provide to Uber is accurate and
      complete.
Uber is entitled at all times to verify the information
      that you have provided and to refuse the Service or use of the
      Application without providing reasons.
You may only access the Service using authorized means.
==========
It is your
      responsibility to check to ensure you download the correct
      Application for your device.
Uber is not liable if you do not have a
      compatible mobile device or if you download the wrong version of the
      Application for your mobile device.
Uber reserves the right to
      terminate the Service and the use of the Application should you be
      using the Service or Application with an incompatible or
      unauthorized device.
By using the Application or the Service, you further agree that:


        You will only use the Service or download the Application for your
        sole, personal use and will not resell it to a third party;
      

        You will not authorize others to use your account;
      

        You will not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any
        other person or legal entity;
      

        You will not use an account that is subject to any rights of a
        person other than you without appropriate authorization;
      

        You will not use the Service or Application for unlawful purposes,
        including but not limited to sending or storing any unlawful
        material or for fraudulent purposes;
      

        You will not use the Service or Application to cause nuisance,
        annoyance or inconvenience;
      

        You will not impair the proper operation of the network;
      

        You will not try to harm the Service or Application in any way
        whatsoever;
      

        You will not copy, or distribute the Application or other Uber
        Content without written permission from Uber;
      

        You will keep secure and confidential your account password or any
        identification we provide you which allows access to the Service
        and the Application;
      

        You will provide us with whatever proof of identity we may
        reasonably request;
      

        You will only use an access point or 3G data account (AP) which
        you are authorized to use;
      

        You are aware that when requesting transportation services by SMS
        if available in your jurisdiction), standard messaging charges
        will apply;
      

        You will not use the Service or Application with an incompatible
        or unauthorized device;
      

        You will comply with all applicable law from your home nation, the
        country, state and/or city in which you are present while using
        the Application or Service.
==========
Uber reserves the right to immediately terminate the Service and the
      use of the Application should you not comply with any of the above
      rules.
Payment

      The use of the Application and the Service is free of charge.
Uber
      reserves the right to introduce a fee for the use of the Application
      and/or the Service.
If Uber decides to introduce such a fee, Uber
      shall inform you accordingly and allow you to either continue or
      terminate the Contract.
The rates that apply for the transportation services by the
      Transportation Provider can be found on the Website and through the
      Application.
These may be modified or updated by Uber from time to
      time.
It is your own responsibility to remain informed about the
      current rates for the transportation services.
==========
Uber shall charge you for the transportation services provided to
      you by the Transportation Provider on behalf of the Transportation
      Provider.
You agree that you will pay for all transportation
      services you purchase from the Transportation Provider, and that
      Uber may charge your credit card account as provided by you when
      registering for the Service for the transportation services
      including any taxes and late fees, as applicable) that may be
      accrued by or in connection with your account.
You are responsible
      for the timely payment of all fees and for providing Uber with a
      valid credit card account for payment of all fees at all times.
==========
Any
      payment made is non-refundable.
Uber uses a third-party payment processor (the
      “Payment Processor”) to link your
      credit card account to the Application and Service.
The processing
      of payments or credits, as applicable, in connection with your use
      of the Application and Service will be subject to the terms,
      conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor and your
      credit card issuer in addition to these User Terms.
Uber is not
      responsible for any errors by the Payment Processor.
In connection
      with your use of the Service, Uber will obtain certain transaction
      details, which Uber will use solely in accordance with its Privacy
      and Cookie Notice.
==========
Indemnification

      By accepting these User Terms and using the Application or Service,
      you agree that you shall defend, indemnify and hold Uber, its
      affiliates, its licensors, and each of their officers, directors,
      other users, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and
      against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and
      expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or in
      connection with: (a) your violation or breach of any term of these
      User Terms or any applicable law or regulation, whether or not
      referenced herein; (b) your violation of any rights of any third
      party, including Transportation Providers arranged via the
      Application, or (c) your use or misuse of the Application or Service.
Liability

      The information, recommendations and/or services provided to you on
      or through the Website, the Service and the Application is for
      general information purposes only and does not constitute advice.
Uber will reasonably keep the Website and the Application and its
      contents correct and up to date but does not guarantee that (the
      contents of) the Website and/or Application are free of errors,
      defects, malware and viruses or that the Website and/or Application
      are correct, up to date and accurate.
Uber shall not be liable for any damages resulting from the use of
      or inability to use) the Website or Application (but to the
      exclusion of death or personal injury), including damages caused by
      malware, viruses or any incorrectness or incompleteness of the
      Information or the Website or Application, unless such damage is the
      result of any wilful misconduct or from gross negligence on the part
      of Uber.
Uber shall further not be liable for damages resulting from the use
      of (or the inability to use) electronic means of communication with
      the Website or the Application, including – but not limited to –
      damages resulting from failure or delay in delivery of electronic
      communications, interception or manipulation of electronic
      communications by third parties or by computer programs used for
      electronic communications and transmission of viruses.
==========
Without prejudice to the foregoing, and insofar as allowed under
      mandatory applicable law, Uber's aggregate liability shall in no
      event exceed an amount of EUR 500 or, where applicable, the
      equivalent of that amount in the currency used by you for the
      payment of the transportation services to the Transportation Provide.
The quality of the transportation services requested through the use
      of the Application or the Service is entirely the responsibility of
      the Transportation Provider who ultimately provides such
      transportation services to you.
Uber under no circumstance accepts
      liability in connection with and/or arising from the transportation
      services provided by the Transportation Provider or any acts, action,
      behaviour, conduct, and/or negligence on the part of the
      Transportation Provider.
Any complaints about the transportation
      services provided by the Transportation Provider should therefore be
      submitted to the Transportation Provider.
==========
License Grant, Restrictions and Copyright Policy

      For the purpose of this User Term, the following definitions apply:
    

“Content” means all content featured or
      displayed, including, but not limited to, logos, icons, trademarks,
      text, graphics text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images,
      sound, illustrations, music, software (excluding the Application),
      opinion, remarks, comments, artwork, links, questions, suggestions,
      information or other materials.
“Uber Content” means Content owned or
      used by Uber, its affiliates or licensors and made available through
      the Website, Service or Application, including any Content licensed
      from a third party, but excluding User Content.
“User” means a person who accesses or
      uses the Service or Application.
“User Content” means Content that a
      User posts, uploads, publishes, submits or transmits to be made
      available on the Website or through the Service or Application.
“Collective Content” means,
      collectively, Uber Content and User Content.
Subject to your compliance with these User Terms, Uber grants you a
      limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license:
    


        (i) to view, download and print any Uber Content solely for your
        personal and non-commercial purposes; and
      

        (ii) to view any User Content to which you are permitted access
        solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
==========
You have no right to sublicense the license rights granted in this
      section.
You may not use, copy, adapt, modify, create derivative works from,
      distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly
      perform, reproduce, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit
      the Website, Service, Application or Collective Content, except as
      expressly permitted in these User Terms.
You may not reuse any
      Collective Content without first obtaining the written consent of
      Uber.
No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or
      otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled
      by Uber or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights
      expressly granted in these User Terms.
License Granted by User

      We may, in our sole discretion, permit Users to post, upload,
      publish, submit or transmit User Content on the Website or through
      the Service or Application.
==========
User Content will be deemed
      non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Accordingly, Uber
      shall have the non-exclusive, royalty-free, right to use,
      copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any User Content for
      any purpose, in any medium and throughout the world
      (“License Grant”).
You acknowledge that Uber only acts as a passive conduit for the
      distribution of the User Content and is not responsible or liable to
      you or to any third party for the content or accuracy of the User
      Content.
Uber shall not be continuously monitoring User Content
      published by you or moderating between Users, nor shall Uber be
      under an obligation to do so.
Without limiting the foregoing, you
      acknowledge and agree that any remarks, opinions, comments,
      suggestions and other information expressed or included in the User
      Content do not necessarily represent those of Uber.
==========
Any use by you of the User Content is entirely at your own risk.
You
      represent and warrant that any User Content posted or transmitted by
      you is original to you and does not copy the work of any third party
      or otherwise infringe any third party intellectual property rights,
      rights of privacy or personality rights and does not contain any
      defamatory or disparaging statements.
Furthermore, you represent and
      warrant that you have the capacity to grant the license as
      stipulated in this paragraph.
You agree to indemnify and keep Uber, its affiliates and licensors
      indemnified against all costs, expenses, damages, losses and
      liabilities incurred or suffered by Uber or its affiliated companies
      related to any User Content posted or transmitted by you or your
      other use of the Website, the Service or the Application.
Uber reserves the right at its sole discretion to block or remove
      (in whole or in part) any User Content posted or transmitted by you
      and which Uber believes is not in accordance with these User Terms
      (including materials which infringe or may infringe third party
      intellectual property rights, rights of privacy or personality
      rights), or is otherwise unacceptable to Uber.
You agree to promptly notify Uber in writing of any User Content
      which breaches these User Terms.
You agree to provide to Uber
      sufficient information to enable Uber to investigate whether such
      User Content breaches these User Terms.
Uber agrees to make good
      faith efforts to investigate such complaint and shall take such
      action as Uber in its sole discretion decides.
However, Uber does
      not warrant or represent that it will block or remove (in whole or
      in part) such user Content.
Application License

      Subject to your compliance with these User Terms, Uber grants you a
      limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license to download and
      install a copy of the Application on a single mobile device that you
      own or control and to run such copy of the Application solely for
      your own personal use.
You shall not (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer,
      assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make
      available to any third party the Service or Application in any way;
      (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the Service or
      Application; (iii) create Internet “links” to the Service or “frame”
      or “mirror” any Application on any other server or wireless or
      Internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer or access the
      Application in order to (a) design or build a competitive product or
      service, (b) design or build a product using similar ideas,
      features, functions or graphics of the Service or Application, or
      (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service
      or Application, or (v) launch an automated program or script,
      including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web
      robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any
      program which may make multiple server requests per second, or
      unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the
      Service or Application.
You shall not: (i) send spam or otherwise duplicative or unsolicited
      messages in violation of applicable laws; (ii) send or store
      infringing, obscene, threatening, libellous, or otherwise unlawful
      or tortious material, including material harmful to children or
      violative of third party privacy rights; (iii) send or store
      material containing software viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other
      harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents or programs; (iv)
      interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the
      Website, the Application or Service or the data contained therein;
      or (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Website, the
      Application or Service or its related systems or networks.
==========
Uber will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of
      any of the above to the fullest extent of the law.
Uber may involve
      and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users
      who violate these User Terms.
You acknowledge that Uber has no
      obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Website, Service,
      Application or Collective Content or to review or edit any
      Collective Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of
      operating the Website, the Application and Service, to ensure your
      compliance with these User Terms, or to comply with applicable law
      or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or
      other governmental body.
Uber reserves the right, at any time and
      without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any Collective
      Content that Uber, at its sole discretion, considers to be in
      violation of these User Terms or otherwise harmful to the Website,
      the Service or Application.
==========
Copyright Policy

      Uber respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
It
      is Uber's policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances Users
      or other account holders who (repeatedly) infringe or are believed
      to be (repeatedly) infringing the rights of copyright holders.
Please see Uber's Copyright Policy at
      https://www.uber.com/legal/copyright, for
      further information.
==========
Intellectual Property Ownership

      Uber alone (and its licensors, where applicable) shall own all
      right, title and interest, including all related intellectual
      property rights, in and to the Website, Application and the Service
      and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback,
      recommendations or other information provided by you or any other
      party relating to the Website, Application or the Service.
These User Terms do not constitute a sale and do not convey to you
      any rights of ownership in or related to the Website, the
      Application or the Service, or any intellectual property rights
      owned by Uber.
Uber's name, logo, and the product names
      associated with the Application and Service are trademarks of Uber,
      its affiliated companies or third parties, and no right or license
      is granted to use them.
==========
App Store Sourced Application

      With respect to any Application accessed through or downloaded from
      the Apple App Store (“App Store Sourced
      Application”), you will use the App Store Sourced
      Application only: (i) on an Apple-branded product that runs iOS
      (Apple's proprietary operating system software); and (ii) as
      permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple
      App Store Terms of Service.
Uber reserves all rights in and to the
      Application not expressly granted to you under these User Terms.
You acknowledge and agree that (i) these User Terms are valid
      between you and Uber only, and not Apple, and (ii) Uber, not Apple,
      is solely responsible for the App Store Sourced Application and
      content thereof.
Your use of the App Store Sourced Application must
      comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish
      any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store
      Sourced Application.
In the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Application to
      conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple
      will, where applicable, refund the purchase price for the App Store
      Sourced Application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by
      applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation
      whatsoever with respect to the App Store Sourced Application.
==========
As
      between Uber and Apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities,
      damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to
      any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Uber.
You and Uber acknowledge that, as between Uber and Apple, Apple is
      not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of
      any third party relating to the App Store Sourced Application or
      your possession and use of the App Store Sourced Application,
      including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii)
      any claim that the App Store Sourced Application fails to conform to
      any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims
      arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
You and Uber acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim
      that the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of
      that App Store Sourced Application infringes that third party's
      intellectual property rights, as between Uber and Apple, Uber, not
      Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense,
      settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property
      infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
You and Uber acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's
      subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries relating to your license
      of the App Store Sourced Application, and that, upon your acceptance
      of these User Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed
      to have accepted the right) to enforce the rights under these User
      Terms as related to your license of the App Store Sourced
      Application against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
Without limiting any other provisions of these User Terms, you must
      comply with all applicable third party terms of agreement when using
      the App Store Sourced Application.
==========
Third Party Interactions

      During the use of the Website, the Application and the Service,
      links to websites that are owned and controlled by third parties may
      be provided from time to time in order to enter into correspondence
      with, purchase goods or services from, participate in promotions of
      third parties.
These links take you off the Website, the Application
      and the Service and are beyond Uber's control.
During use of the Website, the Application and the Service, you may
      enter into correspondence with, purchase goods and/or services from,
      or participate in promotions of third party service providers,
      advertisers or sponsors showing their goods and/or services through
      a link on the Website or through the Application or Service.
These
      links take you off the Website, the Application and the Service and
      are beyond Uber's control.
The websites you can link to have their
      own separate terms and conditions as well as a privacy policy.
Uber
      is not responsible and cannot be held liable for the content and
      activities of these websites.
You therefore visit or access these
      websites entirely at your own risk.
Please note that these other websites may send their own cookies to
      users, collect data or solicit personal information, and you are
      therefore advised to check the terms of use or privacy policies on
      those websites prior to using them.
==========
Term and termination of the contract

      The Contract between Uber and you is concluded for an indefinite
      period.
You are entitled to terminate the Contract at all times by permanent
      deletion of the Application installed on your smart phone, thus
      disabling the use by you of the Application and the Service.
You can
      close your user account at any time by following the instructions on
      Uber's website.
Uber is entitled to terminate the Contract at all times and with
      immediate effect (by disabling your use of the Application and the
      Service) if you: (a) violate or breach any term of these User Terms,
      or (b) in the opinion of Uber, misuse the Application or the
      Service.
Uber is not obliged to give notice of the termination of
      the Contract in advance.
After termination Uber will give notice
      thereof in accordance with these User Terms.
Invalidity of one or more provisions

      The invalidity of any term of these User Terms shall not affect the
      validity of the other provisions of these User Terms.
If and to the extent that any provision of these User Terms is
      invalid, or is unacceptable in the given circumstances according to
      the criteria of reasonableness and fairness, a provision shall apply
      between the parties instead that is acceptable considering all the
      circumstances and which corresponds with the provisions of the void
      part as much as possible, taking into account the content and the
      purpose of these User Terms.
==========
Modification of the Service and User Terms

      Uber reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or
      replace any of these User Terms, or change, suspend, or discontinue
      the Service or Application (including without limitation, the
      availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by
      posting a notice on the Website or by sending you notice through the
      Service, Application or via email.
Uber may also impose limits on
      certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or
      all of the Service without notice or liability.
Notice

      Uber may give notice by means of a general notice on the Service or
      Application, or by electronic mail to your email address on record
      in Uber's account information, or by written communication sent by
      regular mail to your address on record in Uber's account information.
Assignment

      You may not assign your rights under these User Terms without prior
      written approval of Uber.
Privacy and Cookie Notice

      Uber collects and processes the personal data of the visitors of the
      Website and users of the Application according to the Privacy and
      Cookie Notice.
Applicable law and Dispute Resolution

      These User Terms are subject to the laws of the Netherlands.
Any
      dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these
      User Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation
      or validity thereof or the use of the Website, the Service or the
      Application (collectively, “Disputes”)
      will be settled exclusively by the competent court in Amsterdam, the
      Netherlands, unless you notify Uber within one month after Uber
      invoking its right pursuant to this provision to commence court
      proceedings in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, that you demand
      settlement of the dispute, claim or controversy at hand before the
      relevant court competent by law.
Final provision

      The English text of these User Terms constitutes the sole authentic
      text.
In the event of any discrepancy between the English text and a
      translation into a foreign language, the English text shall prevail.
==========
