We may combine information from these different sources for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Information we collect from you

We will collect personal information when you voluntarily provide it to us (including to our service providers or other parties who collect it on our behalf).
For example, we collect personal information when you order, register for (or to use) or request information about VMware products, services or apps, subscribe to marketing communications, request support, complete surveys, provide in product feedback, or sign up for a VMware event or webinar.
We may also collect personal information from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact customer support.
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address), professional information (such as your employer name, address, job title, department or job role), user IDs and passwords, photographs for security purposes, and contact preferences.
We also collect information you choose to provide to us when requesting information or completing any 'free text' boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests), or the nature of your request or communication.
In addition, we may collect personal information disclosed by you on message boards, chat features, blogs and other services or platforms to which you are able to post information and materials (including third party services and platforms).
We also may record our telephone or other communications with you, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
==========
When making a purchase from VMware, we may also collect billing and transactional information.
Information we automatically collect

VMware collects information from the use of technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, widgets, embedded URLs, electronic communication protocols, buttons and tools in connection with its online Properties.
The types of technology used by VMware may change over time as technology evolves.
This Privacy Notice and our Cookie Notice provide information about our use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
Online Properties:
We automatically collect certain information when you use, access or interact with our online Properties, including our online advertisements or marketing communications.
==========
This information does not necessarily reveal your identity directly but may include unique identification numbers and other information about the specific device you are using, such as the hardware model, operating system version, web-browser software (such as Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer), your Internet Protocol (IP) address/MAC address/device identifier, device event information (such as crashes, system activity and hardware settings, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL), broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical data that uniquely identifies your browser.
We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our online Properties, such as the pages accessed and other statistical information.
VMware Services:
In connection with your organization's deployment of certain Services, VMware may automatically collect information in relation to your use of the Services.
See the VMware Products and Services Notice for more information regarding the types of data collected and used in connection with VMware’s provision of the Services.
If you are an individual user of VMware Services and you require more information regarding our data collection practices for Services deployed by your organization, please contact your IT administrator.
==========
Information from third party sources and affiliated companies

From time to time, we may obtain information about you from third party sources unless prohibited by applicable law, such as public databases, resellers and channel partners, marketing partners, social media platforms, event organizers or other publicly available information.
We may also obtain information about you from our affiliated companies, including Dell Technologies, Dell EMC, Pivotal, RSA, SecureWorks and VirtuStream (the "Dell Family") and, to the extent involved in the sales and marketing of our collective products and services, their appointed partners

Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include: name, address, telephone number, office location, approximate location (based on reverse IP lookup), account information, job role and publicly available employment profile, service and support information, information about your product or service interests or preferences, browsing habits, page-view information from some business partners with which we operate co-branded services or joint offerings, and credit history information from credit bureaus.
We may use this information in conjunction with your contact details, professional information and VMware transaction history for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice, such as, for example, improving the accuracy of our records, better understanding you and your preferences, providing relevant marketing and support, and detecting and preventing fraud.
==========
