Effective February 5, 2018
En español | AARP is committed to maintaining your trust by respecting and protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes why and how we collect, use, share, and protect personal data collected from and about members, volunteers, donors, program participants, job applicants, and others – both online and offline.
It also explains your choices regarding how we share your personal data and communicate with you, how you can request access to and correction of your personal data, and other important considerations.
Collection and Use
We collect and use personal data from or about you to help us support our non-profit mission and serve our membership.
We collect such data in various ways, including data you provide to us, data we collect by automated means, and data we collect from other sources.
Sharing
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your personal data with unaffiliated entities without your consent.
We do share personal data with a limited number of Licensed Service Providers, which are unaffiliated entities that make available AARP-branded products or services and/or discounts to AARP members.
These Licensed Service Providers are required to use the personal data only to offer, provide, maintain, and analyze the contracted products, services, or discounts.
We also occasionally share personal data with select, unaffiliated non-profit organizations for use in their own social missions.
We share personal data with vendors and social media networks we hire to provide services or perform business functions on our behalf, but these vendors are contractually required to treat the personal data AARP provides as confidential, and to use the personal data only to provide the services AARP has requested they perform on our behalf.
Finally, we may share personal data pursuant to legal requirements, as necessary to protect ourselves, our members or others, or in connection with a business transfer or substantial transaction such as a sale, merger, consolidation or bankruptcy.
Security
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures designed to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use.
==========
