HomeLegalLegal
About Us
About YP
Legal
Terms of Service and Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising Choices
EULA
Legal Notices
Advertisers
Deal of the Day at YP.com Purchase Terms
About Call Recording
About Search Results
Contact Us
Contact YP
This page contains links to certain legal policies and terms for YP.com websites and products.
By downloading, installing, or using any YP.com applications, accessing or using the YP.com service, or accessing or using any of the content available within the products and services you agree to be bound by the following: (1) the applicable terms of service for your product(s) or service(s); (2) the terms found on our Legal Notices page; and (3) the Privacy Policy.
You should read these documents, as together they form a binding agreement between you and YP.com regarding your use of the applicable service(s) and product(s).
YP.com Terms
Terms of Service and Use
YP.com Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mobile End-User License Agreements
YP.com Mobile Application and Services EULA
Legal Notices
The following are various legal notices that YP.com is obligated to provide by law and/or by contract.
The Legal Notices are incorporated by reference into the YP.com Terms of Use and the YP.com Mobile Application End-User License Agreements (where applicable).
==========
Data provided by Localeze
Movie theater and showtime information provided by Tribune Media Services
Microsoft Virtual Earth and MapPoint Terms of Use
Microsoft Virtual Earth and MapPoint Privacy Policy
Navteq Terms of Use
Neighborhood data provided by © Maponics, LLC 2010 – Duplication is Strictly Prohibited
Data provided by Infogroup
Advertisers
Below are links to the Advertising Terms and Conditions.
There may be other policies and terms that are not listed that apply to certain YPSM product(s) or service(s).
The below terms include important contractual provisions you should know about, including Performance Disclaimers, Directory Distribution Disclaimers, Advertiser's Warranties as to Advertiser's Intellectual Property Rights, Advertiser Indemnity Obligations, Forum and Venue Limitations and Limitations on YP's Liability.
If you do not find the applicable policies regarding your specific product(s) or service(s) please contact YP Customer Care.
Additional discounts may apply to published print rates, based on the volume and mix of products and services purchased, purchasing history, ad placement/category, directory usage and other factors.
YP Advertiser General Terms and Conditions
YP Services Terms
National Sales Only
For Advertisers purchasing Services from YP's National Sales organization, the following General Terms apply: YP Advertiser General Terms and Conditions — National
About Search Results
YP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs.
==========
Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria.
These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and the amount of useful content in the listing, such as consumer reviews, detailed descriptions and photos, to help you evaluate a business's suitability for you.
In addition, YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results on our sites and apps, and they may appear in sponsored listings on the top or side of the search results page.
==========
