Last revised: December 1, 2015
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Introduction
Use of Our Service
User Content
User Content License Grant
End User License Grant
Our Proprietary Rights
Paid Services
Provisions Specific to Users That are Job Seekers, Prospective Employees or Employees
Provisions Specific to Users That are Employers
Privacy
Security
DMCA Notice
Third Party Links and Services
Indemnity
No Warranty
Limitation of Liability
Agreement to Arbitrate
General
1.
Introduction
Welcome to the websites and online services of ZipRecruiter, Inc. ("ZipRecruiter," "we," or "us").
These Terms of Use are a contract between ZipRecruiter and yourself and explain the terms and conditions by which you may use and/or access our online and/or mobile services, in connection with www.ziprecruiter.com and ZipRecruiter-owned sites and applications (that include, but are not limited to, the ZipRecruiter HR Service (aka 'ZipHR' or 'ZipHire' or 'ZipRecruiter HR'), which includes the ZipRecruiter Insurance Service) (collectively, the "Service").
==========
By accessing or using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement"), whether or not you are a registered user or customer of the Service.
This Agreement incorporates the ZipRecruiter Privacy Policy and any other Specific Terms of Service as applicable.
We reserve the right to amend this Agreement (including the Privacy Policy and any Specific Terms of Service) at any time by notifying you as provided in this Agreement.
Your continued use of the Service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Agreements, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.
This Agreement applies to all employers, companies, job seekers, visitors, employees, contractors and any others who visit the website and/or access the Service ("Users").
==========
Certain features of the Service may also have their own specific terms and conditions that you agree to when you sign up for that particular product, function, or service ("Specific Terms of Service").
A Specific Terms of Service supplements this Agreement, but if any term of this Agreement expressly conflicts with any term of a Specific Terms of Service, the conflicting term in the Specific Terms of Service will control but only with respect to the applicable product, function or service.
All other terms and conditions in both this Agreement and the Specific Terms of Service will remain in force.
==========
This Agreement contains an Arbitration provision, which will, with limited exception, require you to submit disputes you have against ZipRecruiter to binding and final arbitration.
You will only be permitted to pursue claims against ZipRecruiter on an individual basis, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding, and you will only be permitted to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.
Types of Users:
ZipRecruiter has different roles with respect to different types of Users and "you" as used in this agreement will apply to visitors who browse the Service and the ZipRecruiter website, and individuals who access and use the Service on their own individual behalf and/or on behalf of a company.
==========
Users that are "Employers" or "Job Posters":
If you use the Service to search for employees, view resumes, post jobs, permit prospective new employees or contractors to submit new hire onboarding documents, manage existing employee human resource information, or to purchase insurance services or products, you are an "Employer") (also sometimes referred to as "Company" or other designation if you signed a paper contract and/or accepted any applicable Specific Terms of Service).
We may also sometimes refer to an Employer as a "Job Poster" when it is using the Service to post jobs
In addition to the rest of this Agreement, please review the terms of Section 9 carefully if you are using the Service as an Employer.
Users that are "Job Seekers", "Prospective Employees", or "Employees":
If you use the Service to register for job alert emails, upload your resumé, or otherwise search for or apply for jobs, you are a "Job Seeker"
If you use the Service to make benefits elections for yourself or your dependents or to otherwise manage your benefits, or to access and/or submit human resource-related information, you are an "Employee"
If you use the Service to access and/or submit information during the new hire onboarding process, you are a "Prospective Employee" (also sometimes referred to as, a "new hire")
In addition to the other provisions of this Agreement, please review the terms of Section 8 carefully if you are using the Service as a Job Seeker, Prospective Employee or Employee.
2.
==========
Use of Our Service
A. Eligibility
You may use the Service only if you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and can form a binding contract with ZipRecruiter, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.
Any use or access to the Service by anyone under 18 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement.
The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by ZipRecruiter, unless we provide such Users with specific written authorization to re-use the Service.
If you use ZipRecruiter on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (a) "you" includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity's behalf.
==========
You must not be a competitor of ZipRecruiter or use our Service for reasons that are in competition with ZipRecruiter or otherwise to replicate some or all of the Service for any reason.
Please note: any documents or information available via the ZipRecruiter HR Service are not intended for use outside the United States of America.
B. Service Functionality
The Service gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion.
==========
We may maintain different types of accounts or services for different types of Users.
You may never use another User's account without permission.
In some parts of the Service, we may ask for your consent to contact you by telephone.
By granting such consent, you authorize ZipRecruiter to contact you by telephone at the number(s) you have provided, and acknowledge that ZipRecruiter may do so using an automatic telephone dialing system or an artificial or prerecorded voice.
You may revoke consent to be contacted by telephone by emailing businessaffairs@ziprecruiter.com and including the wording "Revocation of Telephone Consent" in the subject line.
Consent to being contacted by telephone is not required as a condition of using the Service or of purchasing any other property, goods, or services from ZipRecruiter.
==========
By using the Service, you acknowledge that we do not have control over the quality, timing, or legality of the information uploaded to the Service or requested by Users.
In addition, you acknowledge that we do not have control over the integrity, responsibility or actions of Job Seekers, Prospective Employees, Employees or Employers.
You acknowledge and agree that ZipRecruiter may use third party vendors and/or partners to provide the Service (or any portion of the Service) to you and share personal information with such third parties as necessary in order to provide the Service to you and your Employees.
C. the ZipRECRUITER HR Service – ONBOARDING AND EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT
As part of the ZipRecruiter HR Service, ZipRecruiter may, from time-to-time make available to Employers, Employees, and/or Prospective Employees, forms of human resource-related documents or information.
ZipRecruiter makes no representation or warranty as to the legal or other adequacy of any forms or other documents or information provided through the ZipRecruiter HR Service, or the accuracy of any information disclosed by any User.
Any information or form documents that are available on or via the ZipRecruiter HR Service, are provided for informational purposes only and are not intended to replace or be a substitution for any professional financial, legal, tax, or other advice.
Please also read Section 9.
F.
==========
If you choose to electronically or e-sign any document, where applicable, you affirmatively consent to conducting electronic business transactions and using electronic signatures via the ZipRecruiter HR Service.
You hereby agree that ZipRecruiter has no obligation to provide or make available on paper or non-electronic forms, any agreements to which you are a party and that your counterparty or Employer is solely responsible for providing any agreements on paper or in non-electronic form.
After signing a document, ZipRecruiter will provide you with the option to download and print a paper copy of the document, and no fee is charged for this copy.
Prior to signing an agreement, ZipRecruiter does not provide an option for you to receive the agreement via mail or non-electronic form.
NOT ALL AGREEMENTS THAT ARE IN ELECTRONIC FORM OR THAT ARE ELECTRONICALLY SIGNED ARE LEGALLY ENFORCEABLE.
ZIPRECRUITER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ENSURING THAT AGREEMENTS THAT ARE ELECTRONICALLY EXECUTED THROUGH ZIPRECRUITER ARE VALID OR ENFORCEABLE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, ANY PARTICULAR STATE, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.
IF YOU WISH TO VERIFY THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT THAT YOU PLAN TO EXECUTE OR HAVE EXECUTED USING THE ZIPRECRUITER HR SERVICE, THEN YOU SHOULD CONSULT A LICENSED ATTORNEY FOR APPROPRIATE LEGAL ADVICE.
==========
D. the ZIPRECRUITER HR service - INSURANCE SERVICES and benefits management
For Employers that have signed a Broker of Record Letter naming ZipRecruiter as a broker/agent/producer, the ZipRecruiter HR Service will provide Employers and their Employees with functionalities to help such Users manage their benefits and insurance choices.
If you want to place insurance and manage insurance-related benefits, you agree to the following: (i) you will designate ZipRecruiter as your sole broker or agent of record unless ZipRecruiter has expressly agreed in writing to work with another insurance broker or related service provider as a co-broker, producer or agent; (ii) you authorize ZipRecruiter to communicate such designation to any individual or entity that ZipRecruiter determines has a need to know about such designation, (iii) allow ZipRecruiter to receive any compensation that an insurance carrier agrees to pay to ZipRecruiter in connection with the placement of insurance on your behalf, (iv) you consent to us receiving information of yours maintained by certain third-party institutions, such as payroll and health insurance companies or your prior broker, and (v) you agree to provide us with signatures, data, and other relevant information as required in order for us to provide any Service to you.
Do not cancel any existing insurance or assume that you have insurance coverage until you have received written confirmation from the insurance company to which you are applying that your new policy is valid and in effect.
ZipRecruiter makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or adequacy of any benefits plan descriptions or summaries passed to ZipRecruiter by a third party, or other insurance enrollment and benefits management documents available on the Service, or the accuracy of any information disclosed by Employers or Employees.
==========
E. User Accounts
The information in this section applies to all User accounts ("Account").
You may control your profile information and how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your Settings page.
When creating your Account or uploading information to the Service through your Account, you represent and warrant that you will provide accurate and complete information.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, and you must keep your account password secure.
We encourage you to use "strong" passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your account.
==========
You must notify ZipRecruiter immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
ZipRecruiter will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your Account.
F. Service Rules
You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated "scraping"; (ii) using any automated system, including without limitation "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the ZipRecruiter servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser (except that ZipRecruiter grants the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from ZipRecruiter.com for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials); (iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (iv) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service; (v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service; (vii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information from the Service, except as expressly permitted by the features of the Service; (viii) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (xi) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service; or (xii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.
We may, without prior notice, change the Service; stop providing the Service or features of the Service, to you or to Users generally; or create usage limits for the Service (for paid services).
We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, commit fraud or other abuse using the Service, or for no reason.
==========
Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other ZipRecruiter Users.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users.
ZipRecruiter shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User's action or inaction.
ZipRecruiter shall have no obligation to you to enforce this Agreement against any other User.
3.
==========
User Content
The Service may allow Users to post content that may be viewable by other Users, including job and company information, job postings, application information, insurance plan information, onboarding information, logos, trademarks, comments, questions, and other content or information ("User Content").
You agree not to post User Content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you or to any other person; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property; (iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise; (iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort; (v) contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, or otherwise objectionable; (vi) contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party's trade secrets); (vii) contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or (viii) contains any information or content that you know is not correct and current.
You agree that any User Content that you submit or post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) or rights of privacy.
If you are an Employer uploading a job posting to the Service, you further agree that such job posting shall not contain any personally identifiable information.
ZipRecruiter reserves the right, but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that ZipRecruiter believes, in its sole discretion, violates these provisions.
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Intellectual Property Rights" means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction.
==========
You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any User Content that you submit or post, that the use by ZipRecruiter of your User Content will not violate any law or infringe the rights of any third party, and that to the best of your knowledge, your User Content and any other information that you provide to us is truthful and accurate.
ZipRecruiter takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User or third party posts or sends over the Service.
You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it.
You agree that ZipRecruiter is only acting as a passive conduit for the online distribution and publication of your User Content, and has no obligation to screen job postings, or any other type of content or information.
==========
However, ZipRecruiter may review and not display on, or remove any content from, the Service that (w) violates this Agreement or any other agreement you have with ZipRecruiter, or violates applicable laws, rules or regulations, (x) is abusive, disruptive, offensive or illegal, (y) violate the rights of, or harms or threatens the safety of, ZipRecruiter users or members or (z) was purchased by fraudulent credit cards.
You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that ZipRecruiter shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of User Content.
4.
==========
User Content License Grant
By posting and or otherwise providing any User Content, you expressly grant, and represent and warrant that you have a right to grant, to ZipRecruiter, a royalty-free, sublicensable (including to other users and in the case of job posting content, to Distributors defined in Section 9.
A below), transferable, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, adapt, list information regarding, edit, translate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed.
This license continues even if you stop using our Service, and if you are an Employer, you acknowledge and agree that ZipRecruiter has no obligation, and may be unable, to remove your job postings (including any intellectual property contained therein) once they have been (i) distributed to Distributors, (ii) listed in search engine results, or (iii) incorporated into fixed media displays of ZipRecruiter or Distributors, and in each case (i) to (iii) above, the license grant from you above will be perpetual and irrevocable for such uses.
To the extent your User Content is a trademark, trade name, service mark or service name protected by law, the foregoing license also extends to the use by ZipRecruiter to identify you as a Service User as contemplated by the Service.
Further, to the extent you have given ZipRecruiter the right to access certain User Content that is present on another website or service you own or control, you give ZipRecruiter the right to scrape such website as required to retrieve such User Content for use on the Service as contemplated in the license grants above.
5.
==========
End User License Grant
A. ZipRecruiter Service
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use the Service.
ZipRecruiter reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the ZipRecruiter Content (as defined below).
ZipRecruiter may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
==========
B. Mobile Software
We may make available software to access the Service via a mobile or tablet device ("Mobile Software").
To use the Mobile Software you must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Mobile Service.
ZipRecruiter does not warrant that the Mobile Software will be compatible with your mobile device.
ZipRecruiter hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Mobile Software for one ZipRecruiter account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use.
You may not: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Mobile Software, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Mobile Software to any third party or use the Mobile Software to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii) make any copies of the Mobile Software; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Mobile Software, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Mobile Software, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Mobile Software; or (v) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Mobile Software.
==========
You acknowledge that ZipRecruiter may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Mobile Software, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Mobile Software that you are using on your mobile device.
You consent to such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades.
Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the Mobile Software is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code.
==========
The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Mobile Software or any copy thereof, and ZipRecruiter or its third party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Mobile Software (and any copy thereof).
Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void.
ZipRecruiter reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement.
==========
If the Mobile Software is being acquired on behalf of the United States Government, then the following provision applies.
Use, duplication, or disclosure of the Mobile Software by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions set forth in this Agreement and as provided in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR 12.212(a) (1995), FAR 52.227-19, or FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable.
The Mobile Software originates in the United States, and is subject to United States export laws and regulations.
The Mobile Software may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States.
==========
In addition, the Mobile Software may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries.
You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Mobile Software and the ZipRecruiter Service.
(1) Mobile Software from Apple App Store.
The following applies to any Mobile Software you acquire from the Apple App Store or its successors ("Apple App Store-Sourced Software") as operated by Apple Inc. or one of its affiliates ("Apple"): To the extent the other terms and conditions of the Agreement are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this paragraph, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this paragraph apply, but solely with respect the Apple App-Store Software.
==========
You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is solely between you and ZipRecruiter, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apple App-Store Software or content thereof.
Your use of the Apple App-Store Software must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apple App-Store Software.
==========
In the event of any failure of the Apple App-Store Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apple App-Store Software to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple App-Store Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by this Agreement and any law applicable to ZipRecruiter as provider of the software.
You and ZipRecruiter acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apple App-Store Software or your possession and/or use of the Apple App-Store Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apple App-Store Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed solely by this Agreement and any law applicable to ZipRecruiter as provider of the Apple App-Store Software.
You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the Apple App-Store Software or your possession and use of that Apple App-Store Software infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, ZipRecruiter, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
You and ZipRecruiter acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement as relates to your license of the Apple App-Store Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as relates to your license of the Apple App-Store Software against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
==========
(2) Mobile Software from Amazon Appstore.
If you acquire any Mobile Software from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors) operated by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. or one of its affiliates ("Amazon"), then to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use or such other terms which Amazon designates as default end user license terms for the Amazon Appstore ("Amazon Appstore EULA Terms"), and (b) the other terms and conditions in this Agreement, the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms shall apply with respect to your use of any Mobile Software that you acquire from the Amazon Appstore.
ZipRecruiter and you hereby acknowledge that Amazon does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by ZipRecruiter or you (or any other user) under this Agreement or the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms.
(3) Mobile Software from Google Play.
If you acquire any Mobile Software from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates ("Google"), then to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Service and the Google Play Business and Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play (all of which together are referred to as the "Google Play Terms), and (b) the other terms and conditions in this Agreement, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of any Mobile Software that you acquire from Google Play.
ZipRecruiter and you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by ZipRecruiter or you (or any other user) under this Agreement or the Google Play Terms.
6.
Our Proprietary Rights
The Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content (the, "ZipRecruiter Content"), and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of ZipRecruiter and its licensors.
Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under, any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any materials or content accessible on the Service.
==========
Use of the ZipRecruiter Content or materials on the Service for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.
You agree that any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding ZipRecruiter or the Service are entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
7.
==========
Paid Services
A. Billing Policies
Certain aspects of the Service may be provided for a fee or other charge.
If you elect to use paid features of the Service, you agree to the pricing and payment terms for the applicable Service, as we may update them from time to time.
ZipRecruiter may add new services for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time in its sole discretion.
We may also provide certain services via our third party partners and you agree, that your use of such third party services is subject to the contractual (including payment) terms presented by such third parties should you wish to use their services.
You further agree that ZipRecruiter has no responsibility for such third party services and your use of such services is entirely at your own risk.
Any change to the fees for paid services shall become effective in the billing cycle following notice of such change to you as provided in this Agreement.
B. No Refunds
You may cancel your User account at any time; however, there are no refunds for cancellation.
In the event that ZipRecruiter suspends or terminates your account or this Agreement for your breach of this Agreement, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service, any content or data associated with your account, or for anything else.
==========
C. Payment Information; Taxes
All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, complete, and current.
You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred.
You will pay any applicable taxes relating to such purchases or other monetary transaction interactions.
If at any time ZipRecruiter is required by a taxing authority to pay any taxes not previously collected from you, you will promptly submit such taxes (including applicable penalties and interest, if any) to ZipRecruiter upon written notice.
Delinquent payments may bear interest at the rate of one-and-one-half percent per month (or the highest rate permitted by law, if less) from the payment due date until paid in full.
You will be responsible for all reasonable expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by ZipRecruiter in collecting delinquent amounts, except where the delinquent amounts are due to billing inaccuracies.
==========
8.
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO USERS THAT ARE job seekers, prospective employees, OR employees
The provisions of this Section 8 of the Agreement are specific to Users that use the Service as Job Seekers, Prospective Employees or Employees.
A. Job Applications
As a Job Seeker, you can (i) use the Service to search for jobs, (ii) apply for jobs ("Job Applications") that are listed on the Service ("Job Listings"), (iii) receive job alert emails ("Job Alerts"), and (iv) upload your resume to the Resume Database.
You have the ability to choose how to submit your Job Application through the Service using the options offered through the Service.
If you elect to apply through a third party account such as a Monster.com, Facebook, or LinkedIn.com account, you will be asked to log-in to the applicable account, and the profile, resume and other information that you have provided as part of any of those accounts will then be sent to the Employer that posted the applicable job.
You can also submit a Job Application through your mobile device.
Please note that once you have submitted a Job Application your resume and other applicable information will be shared with the Employer that posted the Job Listing.
You should therefore ensure that the information you provide is complete and accurate, and only contains information you are comfortable sharing with Employers.
If you submit a resume, you acknowledge that we may 'parse' the resume into another format that enables searchable text for an Employer.
The Employer will also be able to see your resume in the form in which you originally submitted it to ZipRecruiter.
==========
B. Resume Database
In addition to submitting Job Applications through the Service, you can elect to include your resume as part of the Service's resume database (the, "Resume Database").
If you elect to do this, Employers who have access to the Resume Database will be able to access and view your resume and the contact information you provide on your resume.
For purposes of this Agreement, references to "resume" shall also mean, a curriculum vitae and other similar written overviews of a person's experience and other qualifications that are uploaded to the Resume Database.
==========
You can opt-out of including your resume in the Resume Database at any time by adjusting the settings in your Job Seeker account and we will remove your resume from the Resume Database as soon as reasonably practicable.
However, if an Employer has already accessed your resume through the Resume Database and copied or saved your resume, that Employer will continue to have access to your resume and all information you included in your resume as it was included in the Resume Database.
C. Interactions with Employers
You are solely responsible for your interactions with Employers that you contact, or that contact you.
Please note that there are risks, including but not limited to the risk of physical harm, that may arise when dealing with strangers, including persons who may be acting under false pretenses.
==========
You should therefore use caution with regard to the information you elect to share as part of your User Profile or in a Job Application or resume that you provide through the Service.
Only list the contact information that you are comfortable disclosing to Employers and other Users of the Service.
Although ZipRecruiter requests that Employers maintain the confidentiality of the Job Applications and resumes they receive through the Service, ZipRecruiter cannot and does not guarantee that the information you provide to Employers through the Service as part of a Job Application, onboarding process, employee or benefits management process, or via a resume, will be held in confidence or properly secured by each applicable Employer.
In addition, ZipRecruiter takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Job Listing, onboarding or other employee-related documents, human resources information, or insurance information that any Employer posts, sends or provides via the Service.
You agree that ZipRecruiter is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any Employer.
D. Use of Ziprecruiter Insurance Service as an Employee
As a condition of your use of the ZR Insurance Service as an Employee, you expressly consent to the electronic disclosure of any and all employee benefits notices, including, without limitation, plan descriptions and guides, COBRA notifications, enrollment information, benefit information, group and individual numbers, confirmation of eligibility, and information on provider networks, by ZipRecruiter or Employers to you.
Further, you authorize us to receive employee benefits notices electronically on your behalf.
==========
ZipRecruiter does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of any information or documents provided to Users through the ZR Insurance Service.
You acknowledge and agree that ZipRecruiter may use third party vendors and/or partners to provide the Service (or any portion of the Service) to you and share personal information with such third parties as necessary for the provision of such Services.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to electronic disclosure at any time by contacting ZipRecruiter in writing at ziprecruiter-is@ziprecruiter.com.
However, you acknowledge that if you withdraw such consent: (a) we cannot guarantee that you will be able to obtain such disclosures, whether in paper or electronic form; (b) you may be required to obtain paper copies of your employee benefit notices and insurance plan-related information directly from your insurance provider or employer; (c) related service providers may impose additional fees for providing paper copies to the extent permitted by applicable law; and (d) we may terminate your use of the Service in whole or in part.
9.
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO USERS THAT ARE EMPLOYERS
The provisions of this Section 9 of the Agreement are specific to Users that use the Service as Employers (which includes direct employers, staffing agencies, and other companies using the Service).
==========
A. EMPLOYERS USING THE JOB POSTING PORTION OF THE SERVICE
If you are an Employer, you agree that you will not use the Service to post or promote any position that: contains inaccurate, false, or misleading information; includes any screening requirement or criterion in connection with a job posting where such requirement or criterion is not an actual and legal requirement of the posted job; involves any franchise, pyramid scheme, "club membership", distributorship, or multi-level marketing opportunity; requires applicants to pay to apply, pay for training, pay for training materials, or pay for samples; contains content that violates applicable laws; or pays commissions only (except for postings that make clear that the available job pays commission only and clearly describes the product or service that the Job Seeker would be selling, in which case such advertisements are permissible).
When using the Service, you are responsible for ensuring that your use of the Service is in compliance with applicable law.
As an Employer, you must also comply with the ZipRecruiter Job Quality & Inclusion Guidelines (currently available at https://www.ziprecruiter.com/job-guidelines), including ensuring that all positions you post to the Service comply with such guidelines.
B. Employer job postings
If you create an Employer Account to post a job opening, we will make reasonable efforts to distribute your job posting to third-party services or job boards, or in job alert emails (collectively, "Distributors").
However, you acknowledge and accept that we have no control over any Distributor and therefore, we provide no guarantee that your job post will be accepted by a Distributor or posted via a Distributor.
You accept that a Distributor may not have an obligation to use or display your job post in their services, and may reject your job post for any reason, whether you are on a paid job posting plan or on a trial or free subscription, and even if you have paid for a "Premium Post".
You agree that ZipRecruiter is not liable to you or any third party if your job post is rejected or not posted, and you will not be entitled to any refund for jobs not posted or distributed.
By posting your job, you give us permission to distribute your job posting to current and future Distributors and on the ZipRecruiter website.
You acknowledge and agree that ZipRecruiter cannot be responsible, and disclaims all liability, for Distributors and their actions or omissions related to your job postings, including without limitation their availability, operations, features and functionality.
==========
You are solely responsible for interviewing, performing background and reference checks on, verifying information provided by, and selecting an appropriate candidate.
In certain cases, Distributors may require that you agree to additional service policies in order to allow your job post to be distributed on their services.
As a condition to the distribution of your job posting to a Distributor's services, you hereby agree to such additional Distributor service policies as they apply to the distribution of your job posting through the applicable Distributor's services.
==========
C. Authorized Users
As an Employer, you are responsible for all activity, acts or omissions of any of your personnel that have an Account to use the Service (each, an "Authorized User") and you agree to abide by the following rules:
Ensure that Accounts are not shared between your personnel or with any other third parties
Ensure that Accounts are not sold or licensed; you will not charge, or receive payment, in cash or in kind, from any individual or entity for use of, or access to, any portion of the Service
Ensure that Authorized Users comply with this Agreement, and promptly notify ZipRecruiter of any suspected or alleged violation of this Agreement including any unauthorized use of any password or account or any other known or suspected breach of security
Cooperate with ZipRecruiter with respect to: (i) investigation by ZipRecruiter of any suspected or alleged violation of this Agreement and (ii) any action by ZipRecruiter to enforce this Agreement.
ZipRecruiter may suspend or terminate an Authorized User's access to the Service in the event that ZipRecruiter reasonably determines that such Authorized User has violated this Agreement or appears likely to do so.
D. Removal of Job Listings
You acknowledge and agree that ZipRecruiter may, with no liability or penalty, remove any Job Listing, content, communication or information posted, which in the sole judgment of ZipRecruiter, violates or may violate this Agreement, the ZipRecruiter Job Quality & Inclusion Guidelines (currently available at https://www.ziprecruiter.com/job-guidelines), applicable laws, rules or regulations; third party terms, or may adversely affect ZipRecruiter; is false, inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, immoral, offensive, obscene, pornographic, disruptive, threatening, abusive or illegal; or which may violate or lead to the violation of the rights of, or harms or threatens the safety and privacy of any third party.
==========
E. Resume Database Access
If you are accessing the Resume Database as an Employer, then subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, ZipRecruiter hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive right to access the Resume Database from the Service for the limited purpose of viewing and/or downloading a single copy of available paper resumes solely for use by you, subject to your subscription plan.
If a Job Seeker opts out of the Resume Database at any time, ZipRecruiter reserves the right to block access to, and/or remove, the Job Seeker's resume.
You agree to comply with the following rules regarding access to the Resume Database:
You will only use the Resume Database to seek employees
You will not sell, license, share, rent or otherwise disclose the resumes or their contents to any third party.
However, if you are a recruiter or staffing agency sourcing candidates on behalf of your client, you may share resumès with that client subject to this Agreement
You will not use contact information in resumes to send unsolicited mail or e-mails, make unsolicited phone calls or send unsolicited faxes regarding promotions and/or advertising of yours or a third party's products or services
You agree to implement appropriate physical, technical, and administrative measures to protect the data within the Resume Database from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction
The Resume Database shall only be used and accessed by you in accordance with privacy, data protection and other applicable laws and regulations
You will respect the privacy choices of Job Seekers who have uploaded their information to the Resume Database
You will not use the Resume Database in any manner that, in the sole discretion of ZipRecruiter, adversely affects ZipRecruiter business, performance of the Service, or interferes with the ability, of others to access the Resume Database
You will remain primarily liable for all acts or omissions of Authorized Users and for any activity under your account
You acknowledge and agree that if you view or download the resume of a Job Seeker, then ZipRecruiter may inform the Job Seeker that his/her resume has been viewed by an employer
F. NEW HIRE ONBOARDING AND MANAGEMENT OF HUMAN RESOURCE-RELATED INFORMATION
If you use the ZipRecruiter HR Service for onboarding new hires or to manage human resource-related information for existing Employees, we may provide you with forms of certain documents ("Documents").
==========
ZipRecruiter makes no representation or warranty as to the suitability or legal adequacy of any such information and/or Documents for prospective or existing Employees.
Any information or Documents available via the ZipRecruiter HR Service, are for informational purposes only and are not intended to replace or be a substitution for any professional financial, legal, tax, or other advice.
Please also review the language in Section 2.C.
You, as the Employer, are solely responsible for ensuring that the Documents are suitable and appropriate for hiring or onboarding prospective Employees or for use by or for existing Employees.
Further, you acknowledge and agree that ZipRecruiter cannot confirm the accuracy of any information posted by prospective or existing Employees and that you are responsible for verifying the accuracy of all such information.
If you wish to have a prospective or existing Employee complete and/or submit Documents through the ZipRecruiter HR Service, we may ask you to give us an email address or other contact information for such individuals so that we can send them a link to access the applicable Documents.
You represent and warrant as a condition of providing us with such contact information that you have the individual's consent to provide such information to ZipRecruiter.
It is your responsibility to implement the appropriate technical, administrative, organizational, and security safeguards to protect sensitive information submitted to you by prospective or existing Employees using the ZipRecruiter HR Service.
If you use the ZipRecruiter HR Service to onboard new hires, we may provide you with fields for you to ask additional questions of new hires.
ZipRecruiter shall have no obligation to review the content of such questions and you represent and warrant that you will only use such functionality to ask questions that are directly related to the new-hire process, and that you will not ask questions that violate local, national and international laws, including but not limited to, laws relating to labor and employment, equal employment opportunity, employment eligibility requirements and the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
==========
The Service may also allow Employers to create a directory of current employees or contractors together with customized fields of information specified by Employers.
Employers can also allow employees and/or contractors to view each other's information, or send each other messages, on or through such directory.
Employers are solely responsible for ensuring that they have the consent of their employees and contractors to upload their respective information to such directory, and to share such information, and are expressly prohibited from uploading any information to such directory in violation of applicable law or another person's privacy rights.
==========
G. Purchase of insurance products or services and benefits management
If you use the ZR Insurance Service as an Employer, we may provide you with forms of certain insurance enrollment and benefits management information that you can choose to use for benefits enrollment and management ("Insurance Documents").
These Insurance Documents may be based on forms made available to ZipRecruiter or the public by third parties, and ZipRecruiter makes no representation or warranty as to the suitability of any Insurance Documents for your purposes.
Any information or form documents that are made available to you or your Employees, are for informational purposes only and are not intended to replace or be a substitution for any professional financial, legal, tax, insurance, compliance, or other advice.
==========
You, as the Employer, are solely responsible for ensuring that such Insurance Documents are suitable and appropriate for your health benefits enrollment and management needs.
You acknowledge and agree that ZipRecruiter cannot confirm the accuracy of any information posted or submitted by Employees and that you are responsible for verifying the accuracy of all such Employee information, including any information they include in their completed Insurance Documents.
If you wish to have an Employee complete your Insurance Documents through ZipRecruiter HR, we may ask you to give us an email address or other contact information for your Employee and their dependents so that we can send such Employees and their dependents a link to access your benefits enrollment and management documents.
You represent and warrant, as a condition of providing us with such Employee's and dependents' contact information that you have the consent of the Employee and their dependents to provide such contact information to ZipRecruiter.
When an Employee completes the Insurance Documents, the completed Insurance Documents may contain sensitive data about an Employee and their dependents.
As such, you agree that you will take all reasonable measures to preserve the confidentiality and security of such completed Insurance Documents, you will only use the completed Insurance Documents for the purpose for which they are intended, and that you will not share such completed Insurance Documents with any third party other than a service provider that is assisting you in managing your health benefits plans.
It is your responsibility to implement the appropriate technical, administrative, organizational, and security safeguards to protect such information.
Please also review Section 2.
D.
10.
==========
Privacy
We care about the privacy of our Users.
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.
By using the Service, you are consenting to have your personal data collected, used, transferred to and processed in the United States pursuant to the conditions specified in our Privacy Policy.
11.
==========
Security
ZipRecruiter cares about the integrity and security of your personal information.
We cannot, however, guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
12.
==========
DMCA Notice
It is the policy of ZipRecruiter to respond to alleged infringement notices that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA").
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the Service, please notify the ZipRecruiter copyright agent as set forth below.
For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information in writing:
1.
An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
2.
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
3.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and provide a link (where available) to where it is located on the Service;
4.
==========
Information reasonably sufficient to permit ZipRecruiter to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;
5.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and
6.
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
==========
The above information must be submitted to the following DMCA Agent:
Attn: Dana Strawitz
Tel: (424) 272-0521
Email: legal@ziprecruiter.com
Address: ZipRecruiter, Inc., 401 Wilshire Blvd., 11th Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90403
UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY AND CIVIL PENALTIES, INCLUDING MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS' FEES.
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, ZipRecruiter has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances, the accounts of Users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
ZipRecruiter may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the accounts of any Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
13.
==========
Third-Party Links and Services
The Service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by ZipRecruiter (collectively, "Third Party(ies)").
ZipRecruiter does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such Third Party sites, information, materials, products, or services.
If you access a Third Party website from the Service or use a Third Party service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and the ZipRecruiter Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such Third Party sites or services.
You expressly relieve ZipRecruiter from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party website, service, or content.
==========
Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers.
You agree that ZipRecruiter shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.
14.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ZipRecruiter and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, Distributors, and other affiliated companies, and their respective employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties herein; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights; (iv) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your User Content or any that is submitted via your account; or (vi) any other party's access and use of the Service with your account or log-in information.
15.
==========
No Warranty
ZIPRECRUITER DOES NOT GUARANTEE ANY RESULTS FROM USING THE SERVICE.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN OPTION AND RISK.
==========
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
ANY INFORMATION, DOCUMENTS, OR MATERIAL THAT MAY BE POSTED ON, OR AVAILABLE THROUGH, THE SERVICE ARE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO REPLACE OR BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR ANY PROFESSIONAL FINANCIAL, MEDICAL, LEGAL, TAX, INSURANCE, COMPLIANCE, OR OTHER ADVICE.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM ZIPRECRUITER OR THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.
==========
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ZIPRECRUITER, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN OPTION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE.
ZIPRECRUITER DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A USER OR THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE ZIPRECRUITER SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND ZIPRECRUITER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND A USER OR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
ZIPRECRUITER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL SATISFY OR ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH ANY LEGAL OBLIGATIONS OR LAWS OR REGULATIONS.
==========
THIS DISCLAIMER APPLIES TO, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, THE HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1996 ("HIPPA"), THE GRAMM-LEACH-BLILEY ACT OF 1999, THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, OR OTHER FEDERAL OR STATE STATUTES OR REGULATIONS.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.
ZIPRECRUITER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS THAT ZIPRECRUITER IS ANY MANNER ACTING AS, OR AGREES TO WARRANT ANY COMPLIANCE WITH THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974 ("ERISA") OR OTHERWISE THAT ZIPRECRUITER IS A FIDUCIARY, TRUSTEE, 'ADMINISTRATOR' OR 'NAMED FIDUCIARY' UNDER ANY CLIENT OR CLIENT ADMINISTERED, AUTHORIZED USER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN.
16.
==========
Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ZIPRECRUITER, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ZIPRECRUITER BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ZIPRECRUITER ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT; (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICE; (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICE; (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE; (VII) USER CONTENT OR (VIII) THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY.
==========
IN NO EVENT SHALL ZIPRECRUITER, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO ZIPRECRUITER HEREUNDER OR USD $10, WHICHEVER IS LESSER.
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF ZIPRECRUITER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
==========
17.
AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE
A. Binding Arbitration
This Section 17 is referred to in this Agreement as the "Agreement to Arbitrate".
Unless you opt-out pursuant to the opt-out procedures set forth below, you agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and ZipRecruiter or its affiliates, whether relating to the Service, this Agreement (including any alleged breach thereof), or otherwise (each a "Dispute"), shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than a court in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Arbitrate.
==========
Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator, not a judge or jury.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ABSENT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.
The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, each available at www.adr.org, or such other alternative dispute resolution body and arbitration rules that may be mutually agreed upon by you and ZipRecruiter.
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by such rules.
The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone or online.
==========
The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you and ZipRecruiter may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, and any ruling, decision or award by the arbitrator, will be strictly confidential for the benefit of all parties.
B. Restrictions
You and ZipRecruiter agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between ZipRecruiter and you individually.
To the full extent permitted by law, (1) no arbitration shall be joined with any other; (2) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (3) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.
==========
C. Exceptions to Informal Negotiations and Arbitration
You and ZipRecruiter agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning informal negotiations and binding arbitration: (1) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or ZipRecruiter intellectual property rights; (2) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or unauthorized use; and (3) any claim for injunctive relief.
D. 30 Day Right to Opt Out
You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration provisions set forth in Section 17 above by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to the ZipRecruiter contact information listed at the bottom of this Agreement.
The notice must be sent to ZipRecruiter within thirty (30) days of your registering to use the Service or agreeing to these terms, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of those sections.
If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, we also will not be bound by them.
18.
==========
General
A. Governing Law and Location
The Service is controlled and operated by ZipRecruiter from within the United States of America.
ZipRecruiter makes no representations that the Service or the materials available via the Service, are appropriate or available for use in other locations outside of the United States.
Those who choose to access the Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all United States of America laws as well as local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
==========
You agree that the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over ZipRecruiter, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than California.
This Agreement and any Disputes shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
==========
An arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same User to the extent required by applicable law.
All arbitration and other litigation in a court of competent jurisdiction of any dispute between you and ZipRecruiter related to this Agreement shall be located in Los Angeles County, California.
You may not use the Service if you are a resident of a country embargoed by the United States, or are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the United States government.
==========
B. Assignment
This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by ZipRecruiter without restriction.
C. Relationship of the Parties
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as making either party the partner, joint venturer, employer, contractor or employee of the other.
Neither party shall have, or hold itself out to any third party as having any authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action, that shall be binding on the other, except as provided for herein or authorized in writing by the party to be bound.
==========
D. Notification Procedures
ZipRecruiter may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our website, as determined by ZipRecruiter in its sole discretion.
ZipRecruiter reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Agreement.
ZipRecruiter is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you provide us.
We recommend that you add businessaffairs@ziprecruiter.com to your email address book to help ensure you receive email notifications from us.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Service receive the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
==========
E. Entire Agreement/Severability
This Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with ZipRecruiter in connection with the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and ZipRecruiter concerning the Service.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
F. No Waiver
No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and ZipRecruiter's failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
G. Contact
If you have any questions about this Agreement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at businessaffairs@ziprecruiter.com, or send mail to:
ZipRecruiter, Inc.
Attn: Business Affairs
401 Wilshire Blvd., 11th Floor,
Santa Monica, CA 90401
==========
