LAST UPDATED DEcember 2019
The key information you should be aware of:
Who we are: We are Rezonence Limited, a company based in England.
We serve and distribute advertising content online, including video and display content.
Our clients are publishers and advertisers, and we work with both parties to ensure that advertising is displayed on the websites owned or operated by the publishers we work with.
==========
If you need it, our company number is 08347262 and our registered office 6th Floor, One London Wall, London, EC2Y 5EB.
All references in this policy to “Rezonence”, “our”, “us” or “we” refer to Rezonence Limited.
All references in this policy to “our website” are a reference to the website owned by Rezonence at www.rezonence.com.
==========
Our values and what this policy is for: We have a strong commitment to protect your privacy.
Our privacy moto is that:
we only collect information that we strictly need for our relationship with you;
we will do our best to keep your information secure and to prevent unauthorised access to it;
we will tell you what information we hold about you; and
we will only keep your information for as long as we need it.
In line with our commitment, this privacy policy tells you how your information is collected and used by us and shared with others, how we keep it safe and the rights you have to access and control its use.
==========
We have tried to make it easy for you to navigate so you can find the information that is most relevant to you and our relationship with you.
We are always looking to improve the information we provide to you, so if you have any feedback on this privacy policy then please let us know using our contact details in section 12.
Who this policy applies to: This policy applies to:
Visitors to our website;
Our clients;
People who contact us with enquiries or that we contact in relation to services we provide them;
Our suppliers and employees of our suppliers; and
Job Applicants.
==========
Depending on our relationship, we will collect and use your information in different ways.
Please click on the links above to find out the information that we collect about you and how we use this information.
What this policy contains: This privacy policy describes the following important topics relating to your information (you can click on the links to find out more):
How we obtain your personal information;
What information we collect about you and how we use it;
Our legal basis for using your personal information;
How and why we share your personal information;
How long we store your personal information;
Your rights;
Children;
Where we may transfer your personal information;
Risks and how we keep your personal information secure;
Links to other websites;
Changes to this privacy policy; and
Further questions and how to make a complaint.
==========
You have rights to object.
You may ask to us stop using your personal information where we use of your personal information on the basis of our, or another person’s, legitimate interest.
You can find out more information in section 6.
==========
What you need to do and your confirmation to us: Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your personal information.
By engaging with us in the ways set out in this privacy policy, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this privacy policy, as it applies to you.
The key information you should be aware of
How we obtain your personal information
You may provide us with your personal information voluntarily.
However, we may also receive information about you from third parties such as marketing agencies, market research companies, our suppliers, contractors and consultants, group companies and business partners, which we refer to as “third party sources” or “suppliers” throughout this policy.
We may also collect personal information from you using a variety of technologies that automatically and passively collect information when you use our website (usage data).
You may give us personal information about yourself by contacting us by email or other means.
This includes, for example, where you provide your personal information to us in order to receive information or services from us.
If you are a supplier, you may also give us personal information about you when you are offering or providing services to us.
What information we collect about you and how we use it
Please go to the section or sections below that best describes our relationship with you to find out the information that we collect about you and how we use this information.
We refer to this as “personal information” throughout this policy.
==========
Visitors to our website
What personal information we collect about you
We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
your name;
your email address;
information provided when you correspond with us (including when you contact us via the ‘Get in touch’ section of our website);
any updates to information provided to us;
the following information created and recorded automatically by Google Analytics (for further information on the cookies used in respect of this, see section 2.1.3 below) when you visit our website:
Technical information.his includes: the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet address or other unique identifier for the computer or other electronic device that you use to access our website; the website address and country from which you access information; the files requested;, browser type and version; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system and platform; and
Information about your visit and your behaviour on our website (for example, the pages that you click on).
This may include the website you visit before and after visiting our website (including date and time), time and length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and information provided when requesting further service or downloads.
How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
to allow you to access and use our website;
to receive enquiries from you through our website about our service and business;
to ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other electronic device;
to understand how you access and use our website; and
to administer, maintain and improve our website and services, to measure the efficiency of our systems and to undertake an analysis on the locations from which people access our webpages.
Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about how we use your personal information.
==========
A word about cookies
Some pages on our website use cookies, which are small files placed on your internet browser when you visit our website.
The cookie ‘remembers’ the computer or other electronic device during return visits to our website and some cookies may collect personal data about you.
You can find more general information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Where cookies are used on our website, you may block these at any time.
To do so, you can activate the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our website or to use all the functionality provided through our website.
In addition we may not be able to tailor the services as well as we would be able to if you had not blocked the cookies.
==========
Our clients
What personal information we collect about you
We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
your name including your title;
your work postal address;
your work email address;
your work telephone number;
information about the services we provide to you;
information provided when you correspond with us;
any updates to information provided to us;
client relationship management information; and
information you provide to help us provide you with an improved service, for example if we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire.
How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
to provide you with our services;
to carry out our obligations under any contracts we have entered into with you;
to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about our services;
to ensure that content from the services is presented in the most effective way for you and your computer or other electronic device;
to provide support for any faults in our website;
quality assurance of our services; and
if you have consented or, otherwise, if it is in our legitimate interests to contact you (including by email or post) with information about our services which either you request, or which we feel will be of interest to you (including newsletters).
Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about how we use your personal information.
People who contact us with enquiries or that we contact in relation to services we provide them
We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
your name including your title;
your work postal address;
your work email address;
your work telephone number;
information provided when you correspond with us; and
any updates to information provided to us.
How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about our services, including any questions you may have about how we collect, store and use your personal information, or any requests made by you for a copy of the information we hold about you.
If we do not have a contract with you, we may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests for client services purposes, for the carrying on of our business or to meet our client and future client demand.
Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about how we use your personal information.
Our suppliers and employees of our suppliers who work for us
We, or third parties on our behalf, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
your name including your title;
work contact information (phone number, postal address, mailing address, email address);
your job title;
information provided when you correspond with us;
any updates to information provided to us; and
personal information we collect about you from third party sources such as LinkedIn.
How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
to enable us to receive and manage services from you (including supplier due diligence, payment and expense reporting and financial audits);
to assess your working capacity; and
to deal with enquiries from you.
==========
Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about how we use your personal information.
Source of personal information.
We may receive some of your personal information from third party sources, such as your employer or your employer’s company website.
We may also collect this personal information from publicly-available sources, such as LinkedIn.
Job Applicants
When you submit an application for an advertised vacancy on the ‘Join us’ page of our website, we, or third parties on our behalf, will collect and use the following personal information about you:
your name (first and last);
your address (optional);
your phone and email details;
your LinkedIn details (optional); and
information provided in your CV/resume and cover letter.
How we use your personal information We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
to process your application (including candidate profiling and suitability assessment);
to confirm information on resumes, CVs and covering letters, providing reference letters and performance reference checks;
for equal opportunities monitoring;
for security vetting, criminal records checks;
to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us;
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; and
otherwise, for the lawful operation of our business.
Please see sections 2.6 and 2.7 for more details about how we use your personal information.
Whatever our relationship with you is, we may also collect, use and store your personal information for the following additional reasons:
to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about how we collect, store and use your personal information, or any requests made by you for a copy of the information we hold about you.
==========
If we do not have a contract with you, we may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests;
for internal corporate reporting, business administration, ensuring adequate insurance coverage for our business, ensuring the security of company facilities, research and development, and to identify and implement business efficiencies.
We may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests to do so;
to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us – this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others to comply, as well as where we are legally required to do so; and
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights – this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, as well as where we are legally required to do so.
Further processing
We will not use your personal information in any way that is incompatible with the purposes set out in this section 2.
Please contact us using the details in section 12 if you want further information on the analysis we will undertake to establish if a new use of your personal information is compatible with these purposes.
==========
Aggregated and anonymous information
We may use your personal information and combine it with the personal information of others to identify trends and share or provide this trend information in an aggregated and anonymous form with third parties.
For example, we may use information about your browsing habits as part of an aggregated number to identify which are our most popular website pages.
Legal basis for use of your personal information
We consider that the legal bases for using your personal information as set out in this privacy policy are as follows:
our use of your personal information is necessary to perform our obligations under any contract with you (for example, to sell and provide you with our services, to comply with the terms of use of our website which you accept by browsing our website and/or to comply with our contract to provide services to or receive services from you or your employer); or
our use of your personal information is necessary for complying with our legal obligations (for example, for if you contact us requesting access to personal data we hold about you); or
where neither (3.1.1) nor (3.1.2) apply, use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to ensure the security of our website).
Our legitimate interests are to:
run, grow and develop our business;
operate our website;
select appropriately skilled and qualified suppliers;
carry out market research and business development;
provide services to our clients, make and receive payment and provide client services;
invest in and roll out new services to benefit the communities in which we operate; and
for internal group administrative purposes.
==========
If we rely on our (or another person’s) legitimate interests for using your personal information, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person’s) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of the personal information.
We may use your special categories of data (such as health/disability information) where:
we reasonably need to do so in order to comply with our legal obligations as a prospective employer (such as for equality and monitoring purposes) or to exercise specific rights that we have as a prospective employer; or
you have provided your explicit consent (which you may withdraw at any time after giving it, as described below).
If we rely on your consent for us to use your personal information in a particular way, but you later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us at info@rezonence.com and we will stop doing so.
However, if you withdraw your consent, this may impact the ability for us to be able to provide services to you.
==========
How and why we share your personal information with others
We will share your personal information with the following third parties or categories of third parties:
our group companies where it is in our legitimate interests to do so for internal administrative purposes (for example, ensuring consistent and coherent delivery of services to our clients, corporate strategy, compliance, auditing and monitoring, research and development and quality assurance);
suppliers who provide information technology and office services, including software and website development, website hosting, management and evaluation, exchange and cross referencing;
our service providers and sub-contractors, including but not limited to payment processors, fraud protection services, suppliers of technical and support services and insurers; and
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website.
Any third parties with whom we share your personal information are limited (by law and by contract) in their ability to use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide services for us.
We will always ensure that any third parties with whom we share your personal information are subject to privacy and security obligations consistent with this privacy policy and applicable laws.
We will also disclose your personal information to third parties:
where it is in our legitimate interests to do so to run, grow and develop our business:
if we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if substantially all of Rezonence’s or any of its affiliates’ assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by Rezonence will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, any lawful request from government or law enforcement officials and as may be required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or prevent illegal activity;
in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or any other agreement or to respond to any claims, to protect our rights or the rights of a third party, to protect the safety of any person or to prevent any illegal activity; or
to protect the rights, property, or safety of Rezonence, our staff, our clients or other persons.
This may include exchanging personal information with other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
We may also disclose and use anonymised, aggregated reporting and statistics about users of our website or our services for the purpose of internal reporting or reporting to our group or other third parties.
None of these anonymised, aggregated reports or statistics will enable our users to be personally identified.
==========
Save as expressly detailed above, we will never share, sell or rent any of your personal information to any third party without notifying you and, where necessary, obtaining your consent.
If you have given your consent for us to use your personal information in a particular way, but later change your mind, you should contact us and we will stop doing so.
How long we store your personal information
We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is processed.
The length of time we retain personal information for depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
==========
Your rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information.
If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at info@rezonence.com at any time.
You have the following rights:
Right of access.
You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.
You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; and details about how and why it is being used.
Right to update your information.
You have a right to request an update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to delete your information.
You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.
You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 12.
We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
==========
You can ask us who the recipients are using the contact details in section 12.
Right to restrict use of your information: You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.
You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 12.
We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
You can ask us who the recipients are using the contact details in section 12.
==========
Right to data portability: You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services.
Right to object.
You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
==========
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period allowed by applicable law).
Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.
We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
==========
Children
We do not and will not knowingly collect personal data from any unsupervised child under the age of 18.
Our website is not directed at children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from visitors in this age group.
If you are under the age of 18 and we learn that we have inadvertently obtained personal information from you from our website, or from any other source, then we will delete that information as soon as possible.
Please contact us at info@rezonence.com if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 18.
==========
Where we may transfer your personal information
We do not transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Risks and how we keep your personal information secure
The main risk of our processing of your personal information is if it is lost, stolen or misused.
This could lead to your personal information being in the hands of someone else who may use it fraudulently or make public information that you would prefer to keep private.
==========
For this reason, Rezonence is committed to protecting your personal information from loss, theft and misuse.
We take all reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including through use of appropriate organisational and technical measures.
We ensure that:
all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers;
your Rezonence account will be password protected.
You are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Please do not share your password or your account with anyone; and
all our employees have multi-factor authentication when logging into Rezonence’s databases (including our email databases).
==========
In the course of provision of your personal information to us, your personal information may be transferred over the internet.
Although we make every effort to protect the personal information which you provide to us, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure.
As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website and that any such transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access to it.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access your online account, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
==========
Links to other websites
Our website may contain hyperlinks to and from the website of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates or other third parties.
Any hyperlinks we provide are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of such third-party website or any association with their operators.
This privacy policy only applies to the personal information that we collect or which we receive from third party sources, and we cannot be responsible for personal information about you that is collected and stored by third parties.
Third party website have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies, and you should read these carefully before you submit any personal information to these website.
We do not endorse or otherwise accept any responsibility or liability for the content of such third party website or third party terms and conditions or policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time.
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email or in another appropriate manner.
==========
Further questions and how to make a complaint
If you have any queries or complaints about our collection, use or storage of your personal information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information, please contact info@rezonence.com.
We will investigate and attempt to resolve any such complaint or dispute regarding the use or disclosure of your personal information.
In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, you may also make a complaint to the data protection regulator in the country where you usually live or work, or where an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation has taken place.
In the UK, the data protection regulator is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
==========
