4135-7418-3724.4MOBKOILIMITEDADVERTISING PLATFORM PRIVACY POLICYLast Updated March 20211ABOUT MOBKOI’S SERVICESMobkoi  Limited(“Mobkoi”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and  its  affiliates provide digital advertising  services (our “Services”) to advertiser clients.
In connection with these Services,  Mobkoiand  its  affiliatespurchase  digital  advertising  space  available  on  digital  properties  (including  websites  and  apps) (“Publisher  Sites”) that  are  owned  and/or  operated  by third-party  publishers(“Publishers“),  and Mobkoi  collects  personal  data  from  the  end-users of the Publisher Sites (“End  Users”) in order to display advertisements to those End Users when they visit those Publisher Sites.2WHO THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLES TOThis privacy  policy(“Privacy  Policy”)applies  to  End  Users  of  Publisher  Sites.Wemayupdate  this Privacy Policyfrom time to time  to reflect any changes or  proposed changes  to  our use of personal data,  or  to  comply  with  changes  in  applicable  law  or  regulatory  requirements.
We  encourage End Users to review this Privacy Policy periodicallyto keep up to date on how we use their personal data.This  Privacy  Policy  does  not  apply  to  users  of  our  site  at  mobkoi.com  and/or  persons  that  we  deal with,  including  personnel  of  our  business  partners,such  as  our advertiser clients  and  suppliers,  in connection  with  the  marketing,  sale  and  delivery  of  our  Services.
For  details  of  how  we  collect  and use personal data in connection with those purposes, please see our Website and Business Partner Privacy Policy.3PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy explains how and why we process the personal data of End Users in connection with their use of Publisher Sites.
This Privacy Policy also sets out End Users’ rights in respect of our processing of their personal data.When  we  talk  about  “personal  data”,  we  mean  any  information  which  relates  to  an  identified  or identifiable  living  individual.
Individuals  might  be  identified  by  reference  toan  identification  number, location data, an online identifier (such as an IP address) or to other factors that are specific to them.This Privacy  Policyonly  applies  to  the  use  of  your  personal  data  obtained  by Mobkoi.
It  does  not apply  to  personal  data  collected  by  third  parties, including  Publishers  and  our  Advertising  Partners.
==========
For  further  information  about  our  Advertising  Partners  please see the  “Our  Advertising  Partners” section below.4WHO WE AREMobkoiLimitedan  English  company  with  registered  company  number:  09045201  and  whose registered  office  is  at Wework  Old  Street,  145  City  Road,  Hoxton,  London,  United  Kingdom,  EC1V 1LP.
Mobkoi Limited has affiliates and/or offices in other jurisdictions, but Mobkoi Limited is the data controller responsible for End User data in connection with the Services.Mobkoi  participates  and  complies  with  the  rules  of  an  advertising  industry  framework  called  the  IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework(“IAB TCF” or “Framework”), which consists of a set of technical  specifications  and  policies  to  which  members  must  adhere.
Mobkoi’s  Framework identification number is 898.5HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policyor want to exercise your rights as a data subjectthat are set out in this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by:-2-4135-7418-3724.4•sending an email to contact@mobkoi.com; or•calling us on +44 (0)20 3950 7885.
==========
6HOW AND WHY WE COLLECT AND USE END USER PERSONAL DATA➢To display ads to you on Publisher SitesWhen you visit a Publisher Site that we have partnered with, wereceive a request from the Publisher Site to display one of our advertiser client’s advertisements(“Content”)to you.
We receive this request through the use of a Mobkoi tag (a piece of code)on the Publisher Site which collectsyour IP address, information about the device you are using (for example the operating system and/or browser that you are using)and details of the Publisher Site that you are visiting.We use the data that we receive as part of the request to deliver the Content to you on the Publisher Site.In order to do this, wepartner with twothird partyAdvertising Partners, OpenX Software Ltd (“OpenX”)and Celtra, Inc. (“Celtra”).
In particular:•in  some  cases,  we  provide  your  IP  address  and  information  about  the  browser  you are using to OpenX (who in turn provide this information to other advertising platforms that our advertiser clients work with); and•we provide the advertiser’s Content (together with the tracking pixels referred to in the section  below)  to  Celtra.
We  thenserve,  on  the PublisherSite,  a  Celtra  tag  which results in the Content being displayed to you.For  more  information  about Celtra and OpenX, please see the “Our  Advertising  Partners” section below.
➢To determine what ads to show to youIn addition, in some cases,we determine your approximate location (e.g. the city that you are in) from the IP address that we receive, and we use the other information referred to above, in order  to  determine  what  advertisement  will  be  most  relevant  to  you.
For  example,  if  the Publisher Site is acar website and we determine that you are accessing the car website from the United Kingdom, we may use this information to display an advertisement for a UK-based car dealer.However,  please  note  that  we  do  not  collect  information  about  your  activity,  interests, demographics  or  any  other  information  in  order  to  create  a  profile  of  you  and/or  to  target advertisements to you based on your behaviours or interests.
==========
➢Verification, measurement and fraud preventionWe determine your approximate location (e.g. the city that you are in) from the IP address that we receive in order to verify the location of the End Users that receive our advertiser’s Content.We and our advertiser clients also embed third party tags in the Content which collect information from your device in order to:(i) verify that the Content has been delivered to you;(ii) measure the effectiveness of the Content;and (iii) protect us and our advertiser clients against fraudulent activity.
The tags that we use for these purposes are operated by the following third parties:•DoubleVerify Inc(“Double Verify”); and •Oracle Corporation (aka Oracle Data Cloud -Moat)(“Moat”).
Please note, our advertiser clients may use other measurement tags that are operated by other third parties.
In addition, we serve on the Publisher Sites tags that are operated by OpenX and our advertiser clients’advertising platforms (as referred to in the section above).
These tags are 




More Information
Less Information


Close
==========
