Your Rights and ChoicesYou have certain rights and choices with respect to your personal information, as described below:If you have an account with us, you may change your communication preferences by either (1) logging in and updating the information in your account (not available for all Expedia Group companies) or (2) contacting us hereYou can control our use of certain cookies by following the guidance in our Cookie StatementYou can update the accuracy of your information at any time by either logging into your account or contacting usIf you no longer wish to receive marketing and promotional emails, you may unsubscribe by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email.
You can also log into your account to change communication settings (not available for all Expedia Group companies) or contacting us here.
Please note that if you choose to unsubscribe from or opt out of marketing emails, we may still send you important transactional and account-related messages from which you will not be able to unsubscribeFor our mobile apps, you can view and manage notifications and preferences in the settings menus of the app and of your operating systemIf we are processing your personal information on the basis of consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing that occurred before you withdrew consent and it will not affect our processing of your personal information that is conducted in reliance on a legal basis other than consentFor questions about privacy and your rights and choices, please contact us here.For California residents:California residents may exercise the following rights:To request a copy of your personal informationTo request disclosure of personal information sold or disclosed for a business purposeTo request the deletion of personal informationTo opt out of the sale of personal information here: Do not sell my personal dataInternational Data TransferThe personal information we process may be transmitted or transferred to countries other than the country in which you reside.
Those countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.The servers for our platform are located in the United States, and the Expedia Group companies and third-party service providers operate in many countries around the world.
==========
When we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of those countries.We have taken appropriate steps and put safeguards in place to help ensure that your personal information remains protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
For example, any data transfers between our group companies are governed by our intragroup agreements which incorporate strict data transfer terms (including the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, for transfers from the EEA) and require all group companies to protect the personal information they process in accordance with applicable data protection law.
In addition, certain Expedia Group U.S. affiliates have certified with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, as explained below in the "Privacy Shield" section.We also require that third-party service providers to whom a data transfer is made has appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal information, in compliance with applicable data protection law.
The particular measures used will depend on the service provider, and our agreements with them may include European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, the service provider's certification under the EU-U.S. and/or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certification, or reliance on the service provider's Binding Corporate Rules, as defined by the European Commission.Privacy ShieldCertain Expedia Group U.S. affiliates have certified to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks and that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfers, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability for personal information from the EU, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.
Our certifications can be found here.
For more information about the Privacy Shield principles, please visit: www.privacyshield.gov.
For more on our adherence to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, please see information posted here.SecurityWe want you to feel confident about using our platform and all associated tools and services, and we are committed to taking appropriate steps to protect the information we collect.
While no company can guarantee absolute security, we do take reasonable steps to implement appropriate physical, technical, and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process.
Record RetentionWe will retain your personal information in accordance with all applicable laws, for as long as it may be relevant to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We will deidentify, aggregate, or otherwise anonymize your personal information if we intend to use it for analytical purposes or trend analysis over longer periods of time.The criteria we use to determine our retention periods include:The duration of our relationship with you, including any open accounts you may have with Expedia Group companies, or recent bookings or other transactions you have made on our platformWhether we have a legal obligation related to your personal information, such as laws requiring us to keep records of your transactions with usWhether there are any current and relevant legal obligations affecting how long we will keep your personal information, including contractual obligations, litigation holds, statutes of limitations, and regulatory investigations Cookie StatementTypes of cookies and similar technologiesCookiesCookies are small pieces of text sent as files to your computer or mobile device when you visit most websites.
==========
Cookies may be delivered by us (first party cookies) or delivered by a third-party partner or supplier (third-party cookies).
Cookies are either session cookies or persistent cookies.
Session cookies enable sites to recognize and link the actions of a user during a browsing session and expire at the end of each session.
Persistent cookies help us recognize you as an existing user and these cookies are stored on your system or device until they expire, although you can delete them before the expiration date.Other similar technologiesWeb beacons, gifs, and clear gifs are tiny graphics, each with a unique identifier that are embedded invisibly on sites and in emails.
==========
Web beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited or if ad banners on our sites and other sites are effective.
We also use web beacons in our HTML-based emails to let us know whether our emails have been opened by recipients, which helps us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications, promotions, and marketing campaigns.Proximity based beacons send one-way signals over very short distances, to communicate with associated mobile apps installed on your phone.
They can notify you, for example, about experiences related to your trip and can alert you to related deals or promotions.
==========
Beacons communicate with your device only when you are in close proximity and only if you have given consent within the relevant mobile application.Pixels are small objects embedded into a web page that are not visible to the user.
We use pixels to deliver cookies to your computer, facilitate the log-in process, monitor the activity on our sites, and deliver online advertising.Tags are small pieces of HTML code that tell your browser to request certain content generated by an ad server.
We use tags to show you relevant advertising and promotions.Scripts are pieces of JavaScript code that launch automatically when certain webpages load, to determine whether users view associated advertisements.Local Storage Objects, such as HTML 5, are used to store content and preferences.
Third-parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use Local Storage Objects to collect and store information.All of the technologies described above will be collectively referred to in this Cookie Statement as “cookies”.
==========
Expedia Group’s use of cookiesAt Expedia Group, we use cookies for a number of reasons, including to:Help us improve your experience when visiting our sitesFulfill transactions and ensure our sites perform as intendedRemember your preferences, such as language, region, or currencyProvide you with relevant advertising and analyze performance of the adsEnable you to return to previous travel searchesIdentify errors on our sitesHelp with data protection and potentially detect and investigate malicious or fraudulent activityHelp us understand traffic to our site, including time and date of the visit, time and date of the last visit, and other informationAnalyze how well our sites are performingTypes of information collected by cookiesThe types of information that we collect through cookies include:IP addressDevice IDViewed pagesBrowser typeBrowsing informationOperating systemInternet Service ProviderWhether you have responded to, or interacted with, an advertisementReferring or referred links or URLsFeatures used and activities engaged in on our sites and in our appsSee the Categories of Personal Information We Collect section above for more information on what types of information are collected automatically.Types and functions of cookiesEssential CookiesCertain cookies are required or “essential” for our sites to function as intended.
Essential cookies are necessary for you to navigate our site and use certain features like logging in to your account and managing your bookings.
These cookies are also used to remember security settings that allow access to particular content.
==========
Lastly, we use essential cookies to collect information on which web pages visitors go to most, so we can improve our online services.
You are not able to opt out of essential cookies.Other Types of CookiesWe also use other types of cookies to make our site engaging and useful to you:Functional Cookies.
We want to make sure when you visit our site, your preferences (such as your preferred language), settings, and previous searches are remembered.
Functional cookies enhance your experience on any Expedia Group company’s site.Analytics Cookies.
==========
We use analytics cookies to:Understand our site’s performance and how it is used, including the number of visitors, how long you stay on the site, and which parts of the site you visit.
We can see details about how visitors interacted with the site, like the number of clicks visitors made on a given page, their mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words visitors used, and the text visitors enter into various fieldsTest different designs and features for our siteMonitor how our visitors reach our sitesDetermine effectiveness of our advertisingImprove our services, including your experience on our siteFor analytics, our third-party service providers may use cookies to perform their services and may combine the information that they collect about you on our sites with other information that they have collected.
For example, we use Google analytics cookies to monitor the performance of our sites.
==========
Our ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visit to our sites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
This Cookie Statement does not cover such third-parties’ use of your information.Some analytics cookies can perform tasks essential and/or functional to online services like enabling site improvements and testing changes on a site.
Advertising Cookies.
Expedia Group and our third-party advertising partners may use advertising cookies to show you advertisements both on and off our sites that are based on your interests.
We may allow third-parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies to perform their services and may combine the information that they collect about you on our sites with other information that they have collected.
These third-parties include business partners who collect information when you view or interact with one of (1) their advertisements on our sites or (2) our advertising or booking information on their sites and advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements or tracking mechanisms they place on many different sites on the Internet.
Our partners may make assumptions about your interests, characteristics, or preferences and add you to groups based on those assumptions in order to show you tailored advertisements.
Expedia Group does not have access to the cookies these third-parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third-parties are not covered by this Cookie Statement or our Privacy Statement.
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies.
To learn more, please click here and here.Your information choicesYou can choose not to receive tailored online advertising on this site and other sites and learn more about opting out of having your information used for tailored advertising purposes by accessing one of the following resources:For EEA, Switzerland, and UK: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/For Canada: http://youradchoices.ca/choices/For U.S. and rest of world: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/http://optout.networkadvertising.org/Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads, you will still see online advertisements, but they will be general and less relevant to you.How can you manage your cookies?You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies whenever you like, but please remember if you do choose to reject cookies, your access to some of the functionality and areas of our site may be restricted.Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.
==========
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to sites with which the browser communicates.
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether users are even aware of them.
Participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization that is addressing this issue are in the process of determining what, if anything, sites should do when they receive such signals.
We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess our sites’ responses to these signals and make appropriate updates to this Cookie Statement.Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us via the Privacy Section on our Customer Services Portal here.
For a list of the Expedia Group companies, click here.Updates to Privacy StatementWe may update this Privacy Statement in response to changing laws or technical or business developments.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Statement.
==========
