Privacy
The Goldman Sachs financial services companies endeavor to maintain the highest standards of confidentiality and to respect the privacy of our clients and associated persons, our employees, and other individuals whose personal information we collect and process.
Our commitment to privacy includes being transparent about the nature and extent of that processing and the rights that may be available to you with respect thereto.
Please note that other, more specific policies may be available to you on sites through which you transact with one of our affiliated companies.
To access the Global Privacy Policy applicable to use of our public Web site, click here
To access the Australia / New Zealand Privacy Policy, click here
To access the India Privacy Policy, click here    
To access the Japan privacy policies in Japanese, click here.
==========
To access the Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.
Privacy Policy in English, click here
If you transact business with, or otherwise have or had a relationship with a Goldman Sachs entity in the European Union, or you are connected with someone who does, please refer to the applicable Fair Processing Notice as follows:
If you deal with Goldman Sachs in your individual capacity as a client or prospective client of our Private Wealth Management business, or you are associated with such clients or prospective clients, including as a representative, intermediary, partner, beneficiary, settlor, trustee, guarantor, etc., click here
If you are a beneficial owner, partner, director, employee or other representative of, or are otherwise associated with, a client or prospective client of another Goldman Sachs business, click here
If you are shareholder or prospective shareholder, or associated with a shareholder or prospective shareholder, of a fund managed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and (1) the Goldman Sachs entity or GSAM fund which contracts or seeks to contract with you is established or operates in the European Union or (2) you are located in the European Union and are a person with whom Goldman Sachs or a GSAM fund contracts or seeks to contract, click here
Other individuals not referenced above may also be covered by a Fair Processing Notice.
This could include, for example, vendor representatives, former clients, former employees, family members of clients and employees, etc.
==========
Such individuals should, click here

Our Use of Cookies and Your Options
By using a Goldman Sachs Web site with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies you consent to our use of cookies and other tools to provide the products and services available on those sites.
If you would like to modify your browser to notify you when you receive a new cookie or to disable cookies altogether, please refer to Managing Cookies below.
Cookies and How We Use Them
Cookies are small text files that may be placed on your Web browser when you visit our Web sites or when you view advertisements we have placed on other Web sites.
Cookies allow your browser to remember some specific information which the Web server can later retrieve and use.
We do not use cookies to store any personal information that could be read or understood by others.
When you quit your browser, some cookies are stored in your computer’s memory, while some expire or disappear.
Cookies are used primarily for administrative purposes, to improve your experience with our Web sites.
Examples of this would include the use of cookies:
To improve site security by “authenticating” you (i.e., verify that you are who you say you are) when you sign-in to our site.
To keep track of your specified preferences such as language, time zone and timeouts after periods of inactivity.
To allow you to navigate our sites more easily by “remembering” your identity so that you do not have to input your password multiple times as you move between pages or services.
==========
In addition to administrative uses, we may also use cookies in one or more of the following ways, depending on the Web site you are using:
To conduct research and analytics to improve our Web sites and our products and services.
This includes compiling statistical information concerning, among other things, the frequency of your use of our Web sites, the pages visited and the length of each visit.
To display Goldman Sachs advertisements when you visit Web sites of third parties with whom we have marketing relationships and to help us gauge the effectiveness of our advertising efforts.
These parties may gather information concerning your use of other Web sites and provide us with de-identified information about you (such as demographic information or the names of sites where you have been shown ads) which we may use to provide you with more relevant and useful advertising.
For more information on how we collect and use information that is identifiable to you, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
==========
Managing Cookies
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
Some of our sites employ “functionality cookies” that help the site remember your settings and preferences for use when you visit the site in the future.
==========
This provides a more tailored and pleasant user experience.
These cookies store information in multiple places.
On those site using functionality cookies, you will find a “Delete Cookies” feature on every page that will allow you to delete these cookies completely from your device.
Please note that, if you decline to use cookies, you may experience reduced functionality and, for sites using authentication-related cookies, declining cookies will prevent you from using the Web site altogether.
To learn more about what cookies are set on your computer as you browse the Web and how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
==========
