Personal dataThrough our Web sites, Siemens will not collect any personal data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, survey), respectively, provide your consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your personal data.Use of Adobe Analytics and Adobe TargetOn our Web site we use both Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target in order to constantly improve the pages and/or identify errors, as well as providing users with content tailored specifically to their interests.
Adobe Analytics is used to store data on the page currently being visited and the associated metadata, the websites previously visited by the user with links to Siemens, the time at which the page was loaded and the browser used, among other things.
Adobe Target is used to recognize the users when they visit the page again and to provide them with suitable content on the basis of the history data from previous visits: Information on topics which are particularly relevant to the user is provided in the Feature Space at the top of the page and in the "News & Topics" area.
The recorded data is stored for a maximum period of twelve weeks.In order to exclude data aggregation and analysis of your visit to this website by Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target, please click here:  This will set a corresponding exclusion cookie in your browser.
While it contains no personal data, it enables Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target technically to recognize your preference on a permanent basis.
If you delete these exclusion cookies or change and/or update certain computer settings or the Internet browser, you may need to set the exclusion cookie again.Purpose of UseWhen you do provide us with personal data, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific information or offers.
==========
Also, to support our customer relationship with you:we may store and process personal data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; orwe (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal data to contact you about a Siemens offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers' needs.If you choose not to have your personal data used to support our customer relationship (especially direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice.
We do not sell or otherwise market your personal data to third parties, except to Siemens affiliates.Communications or Utilization DataThrough your use of telecommunications services to access our Web site, your communications data (e.g. Internet protocol address) or utilization data (e.g. information on the beginning, end and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed) are technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal data.
To the extent that there is a compelling necessity, the collection, processing and use of your communications or utilization data will occur and will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework.Non-Personal Data Collected AutomaticallyWhen you access our Web sites, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Web site from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed).
We may use this data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to monitor the attractiveness of our Web sites and improve their performance or content.
==========
"Cookies" - Information Stored Automatically on Your ComputerWhen you view one of our Web sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a "cookie" to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit.
Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
==========
