Legal Analysis
Alternative Minimum Tax Relief based on Effective Tax Administration is before the United States Tax Court
By Brian Isaacson
High income and increasing numbers of middle income taxpayers are finding themselves ensnared by the alternative minimum tax (AMT).
Originally enacted in 1969 to apply to wealthy taxpayers who were using loopholes to escape tax altogether, the AMT is now projected to affect nearly 35 million taxpayers in 2010.1 Yet most taxpayers subject to the AMT do not know it before they prepare their taxes.
As a result, many taxpayers discover too late that they underpaid their tax and are therefore subject to a penalty for failure to pay sufficient estimated tax.
==========
•Read the full article »
Calculators
• 1040 Tax Calculator • Auto Loans
• Business Valuation • Debt Consolidation
• Life Insurance • Mortgage APR
• Personal Debt Consolidation • Rent vs. Buy
• Retirement Planner • Stock Option
Other Services
Random Term From The Legal Dictionary
Lease
A special kind of contract between a property owner and a person wanting temporary enjoyment and use of the property, in exchange for rent paid to the property owner.
Where the property is land, a building, or parts of either, the property owner is called a landlord and the person that contracts to receive the temporary enjoyment and use is called a tenant.
Legal Disclaimer
The Legal Resource Center is provided by LawInfo.com, Inc. and is not endorsed by, supported by, or affiliated with KTRK TV.
KTRK TV makes no representations concerning the content of The Legal Resource Center or the attorneys listed in the Lead Counsel Program.
Consequently, KTRK TV cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in this section, the search results or any legal information otherwise linked to the KTRK TV (http://www.ktrk.com) site.
All information in The Legal Resource Center, including Legal Analysis articles, forms, documents and FAQs, are for educational purposes.
None of it has been reviewed by legal counsel and may not fit your specific situation.
Due to the intense personal nature of any legal issue, it is suggested that you consult with appropriate legal counsel to ensure your issues are resolved to your satisfaction.
Provided by LawInfo.com.
Please read our Privacy Policy & Usage Statement.
==========
