Privacy policy

The Walt Disney Company has acquired certain 21st Century Fox
        businesses, including those providing the services described below.
This
        policy has been updated to reflect that transaction.
Last updated: 4th December 2019

Table of contents:

Contact information
Objective and Scope

Collection and Use of Personal Information


Payment Card and Billing Information 


Purposes and Lawfulness of processing


Disclosure


Your Controls and Choices

Children's Privacy

Data transfer, storage & processing globally


Security

Change in Privacy Notice

Complaints




1.
==========
CONTACT INFORMATION
Novi Digital Entertainment Private Limited, Starhouse, Urmi Estate, 95 Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Lower Parel (West),
    Mumbai 400013, India ("we", "us", "our", "Novi") as the owner, operator, manager of the Hotstar UK Platform
    (“Platform” or the “Hotstar Service”) has appointed Star Advertising Sales Limited ("SASL" or “our distributor”)
    to distribute the Platform in the United Kingdom.
Novi values the trust placed by users of the Hotstar Service ("you", "your", "user", "subscriber") and therefore,
    we follow the highest standards to protect your Personal Information.Novi is always the data controller of your
        Personal Information and is solely responsible for the use of your Personal Information even though SASL as our
        distributor contracts with you to provide the Hotstar Service.
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your Personal Information or this Privacy
    Notice or if you require any general information or clarification or inquiry regarding the Platform please email
    us at hello@hotstar.com.
Alternatively, you may contact our EU Representative: 
Star Advertising Sales Limited:
2nd Floor, Profile West,950 Great West Road,Brentford, Middlesex, TW8 9ES, UK.
2.
==========
OBJECTIVE AND SCOPE

    This Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice") explains how we use and protect Personal Information of the users or
    subscribers of our Hotstar website or mobile application in United Kingdom ("UK").
This privacy notice describes the usage of information provided or collected through sites and applications, where
    this privacy notice is posted ("Platform") and affiliate or third-party sites / platforms through which the
    Platform and/or any of its features may be provided.
We follow this privacy notice in accordance with applicable
    law in the places where we operate.
In some cases, we may provide additional data privacy notices specific to
    certain features or services.
==========
Those notices are to be read in combination with this Privacy Notice.
Please also keep in observance that our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or
    controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
We encourage you to be aware
    when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your
    Personal Information.
We encourage you to read the applicable Terms of Use to understand the terms related to the use of the Platform
    and Hotstar Service in general.
3.
==========
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

    Where we refer to 'Personal Information' we mean any information related to a particular individual who we
    identify (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual or natural person.
This includes direct
    identifiers such as your name, postal address, email address, and mobile number, and also includes all other
    information which is linked to that information such as your location.
Where we refer to “ID” we mean a list of
    numbers and/or letters (also known as a numeric or alphanumeric string) which we or our service providers may
    generate and which is used as a means to give you a unique customer or user identifier – it cannot directly
    identify personally but it may be able to do so where your Personal Information is associated with it.
3.1 INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU

            We may ask for and you may choose to provide the below Personal Information when you use or register for the
            Hotstar Service and create a subscription account, upload content to or via the Platform, use any of the
            features of the Platform (such as game play) or contact us directly:
        

Name
Email Address
Phone number
Age or date of birth
Gender
Language preferences
Content preferences
Account settings
User-generated content including comments, photos or videos which you choose to upload or broadcast on
                the Platform
            
Game play data during game play events on our Platform
Other profile information, such as social media account information and profile image
(where feature is available) your phone and social network contacts, with your permission
information to verify an account such as a form of identification (if requested)
information in correspondence you send to us, including responses to surveys or other feedback
information you share when you participate in marketing promotions, prize draws or competitions, and
            
your opt-in choices and communication preferences.
We collect this information in a number of ways, including when you enter it while using our Platform,
            interact with our customer support, or participate in game play events on our Platform, surveys, or
            marketing
            promotions, prize draws or competitions.
==========
In some cases, where you access our Platform service available via
            mobile devices, Smart TVs or Internet connected TVs or Internet connected devices (“streaming
            devices”) your
            streaming device may store some of your Personal Information in their memory.
These streaming devices are
            operated by third parties and these third parties will have their own privacy notices or other policies
            regarding the handling of Personal Information that they independently collect from such streaming devices.
You should carefully read the privacy notice and policies of these streaming devices.
We are not responsible
            for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are
            not
            covered by this Privacy Notice.
3.2 INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY

            We collect information about you and your use of our Platform, your interactions with us or our advertising
            or
            any direct marketing we have permission to send you, as well as information regarding your computer or other
            streaming device used to access our service.
==========
The information includes:
        

Your activity on the Hotstar Platform such as pages/titles viewed, load times, watch times, content
                selection and watch history, search queries and platform features used.
This information may include the
                platform or website that you just visited (whether this platform is on Hotstar Services or not), which
                platform or website you next visit.
Device tokens for push notification (if you have enabled push notifications)

                Your interactions with our emails, communications, messages, advertisements on third party platforms and
                other channels
            

                Your interactions with our customer support such as the date, time and reason for contacting us,
                transcripts
                of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings;
            
Information about your general location, including location based on your mobile phone SIM card and/or
                IP
                address and, with your permission your precise location based on GPS data.
In the event IP detection
                fails,
                we will collect the last cached location as your current location;
            
Device and software information such as device id, device model, platform, type of operating system,
                installed version, time zone setting, mobile carrier, screen resolution etc. and other unique
                identifiers.
With your permission we may also collect information pertaining to the applications frequently
                used
                by you on your device;
            
Advertisement identifiers such as IDFA, GAID etc and data related to your interaction with the
                advertisement that are served on the Hotstar Platform;
            
We capture information related to the performance of the mobile application and the Platform, such as
                crash logs, build analytics and other performance statistics generated when you use the Platform;
            
With your permission where required, information collected by us or our service providers,
                partners
                or advertising networks via the use of cookies and other technologies (You can read more about how we
                use cookies in our https://www.hotstar.com/gb/cookie-policy).
==========
3.3 INFERRED INFORMATION THROUGH USAGE AND LOG DATA

            We may track certain information about the content viewed and your visit to our website.
This information
            may
            include the platform that you just visited (whether this platform is on Hotstar Services or not), which
            platform you next visit, your computer browser information, your mobile phone OS version.
3.4 INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH THIRD PARTY SOURCES
We may obtain your Personal Information from other sources.
If you choose to link, connect or login to our Platform using a social media platform like Facebook,
            Twitter,
            Instagram or Google the social media platform may send us your profile and social information such as Email
            ID, Name, Friend list, Friend’s social information, etc.
We may also receive information about you) from third parties but will only do so where we have assurances
            that you have given your permission.
For example, we may obtain data related to you and your interests from
            i)
            publicly available sources such public or open government databases or ii) online and offline data providers
            (including advertising networks and analytics providers).
4.
==========
PAYMENT CARD AND BILLING INFORMATION 
When you purchase a subscription package our payment gateway service provider, or any other online or mobile
    payment services provider we may use, the following payment information will be collected: your credit/debit card
    details (number, card expiry date, CVC code) or other bank account details along with the date, time and amount of
    the transaction payment.
This payment information is stored by our payment processors and associated with a
    merchant name/ID and location which our payment processor gives to us, together with a unique customer ID which we
    share with them but this payment information is never stored or processed by us.
Our payment processors use this
    payment information to process and facilitate the payment of your subscription fee in order that we may provide
    you with the service you have requested or to enter into a contract with you to access the Platform (in other
    words to perform the contract).
So that we know you have paid your subscription fee our payment processors
    will
    send us a unique transaction ID which we associate with your unique customer ID and which we keep for internal
    accounting purposes because we have a legal obligation to do so.
Our payment processors may use third party fraud detection software or providers which analyse your payment
    information in order to make automated decisions as to whether or not payment from you will be accepted.
You have
    the right to contest any fraud decision made about you and to be given more information about why any such
    decision was made by contacting us.
Where you pay a third party for your subscription package (e.g. Apple iTunes) your payment information is
    directly collected and controlled by that third party.
However, we receive invoice receipts from third parties for
    your subscription purchase and these receipts are stored by us as we have a legitimate interest to keep
    them for
    internal accounting and tax purposes.
==========
Where our payment processors are providing payment processing services to us (as data processors) we put in place
    appropriate contracts to protect your personal information and, where your personal information is transferred
    internationally outside of the UK, we take steps to ensure any transfer is subject to appropriate safeguards in
    accordance with data protection laws.
For the following aspects of the payment processing our payment processor is
    a data controller of your payment information (identified and listed above): providing the payment processing
    services to you at your request, monitoring, preventing and detecting fraudulent payment transactions, complying
    with legal or regulatory obligations which apply to the financial services sector and analysing, developing and
    improving their products and services.
Our payment processors have their own privacy policies in place and we
    recommend you read those policies before you provide your payment information.
==========
In order to process any of your customer support queries related to payment processing, our payment processors
    give us access to the first 6 digits and last 4 digits of your credit/debit card (including any updates) so that
    we can perform the contract with you and provide you with a quick resolution of your queries.
We also use
    the
    first 6 digits of your credit/debit card so that, on the basis of our legitimate interest, we can analyse
    the most
    popular card types and issuing banks of our customer base.
Our payment processors will also pass us your expiry
    date after each payment transaction is completed and we will use this to send you an email reminder to update your
    payment information before your card expires as we believe we have a legitimate interest to make sure your
    access
    to the Platform is not interrupted, you can still cancel at any time.
However, at no point in time do we have
    access to or store the full credit/debit card number in our systems.
5.
==========
PURPOSES AND LAWFULNESS OF PROCESSING

    We will only collect and process Personal Information about you where we have lawful basis.
Our lawful basis for
    processing your Personal Information will vary depending on the context in which we collect and use it and the
    following examples give you as a guide as to which basis we think applies (but if the context changes or other
    circumstances arise then the lawful basis may also change).
Where we refer to ‘perform the contract’ we mean the
    subscription contract between you and our distributor:


    For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for
    example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to:


Register you on our Platform and create a subscription account or give you guest access,

        Allow you to Sign Up/ Log In using social media accounts like Facebook etc.,
    

        Process your payment card details (as described in Section 4 above),
    

        Provide you with customer or technical support including addressing support queries related to, but not limited
        to, payment processing, or to diagnose any problems with our servers etc.
Determine your geographic location, to provide you localized content including advertisements, personalized
        viewing recommendations, allow you to continue watching previous content at another time or on another streaming
        device, and to determine your Internet service provider to troubleshoot a technical issue, and help us quickly
        and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests;
    

        If you are a traveler visiting various countries around the world and avail the Platform's services, then we
        will determine your location using your IP address to determine the relevant Hotstar services which should be
        offered to you;
    

        To provide you with a personalised service and experience; we do this by linking some or all of your Personal
        Information with your activity on our Platform across all your streaming devices and associating and storing
        this information with a unique platform generated identifier that is generated for each user (guest as well as
        registered user).
When a guest user subsequently registers and creates an account, the information and data
        relating to such user’s past activities gets added to and associated to the registered account.
In some contexts, we use your Personal Information where we have a legal obligation to do so or to protect
    your vital interests or those of another person:


Prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and enforcing
        our terms (such as determining free trial eligibility);
    
Confirming your identity if you are exercising legal rights;
Notify you about changes in the Terms of Use or in this Privacy Notice;
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and
        us/our distributor.
In other contexts, we use your Personal Information where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not
    overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms (for example, our direct marketing activities in accordance
    with your preferences) such as to:

Research, analyze and understand our audience and what content and advertising they may view, watch or
        otherwise engage with, in order to improve our service (including our user interface experiences and security
        features) and optimize content selection i.e. recommend or make it easier for you to find content we think you
        will enjoy.
For example, we may want to count the number of times an advert or other content is viewed because
        this might be the metric by which our advertisers pay us.
This information is compiled and analyzed on an
        aggregated basis.
==========
Allow you to participate in interactive features such as Game play events on the Platform, providing you with
        relevant gameplay experience, determine and declaring winners and providing you with prizes.
Display or target advertisements on the Platform based on your registration or profile information, location
        and/or your activity on the Platform across all your streaming devices (including inferred information through
        usage and log data) which is associated with your device advertising identifier (IDFA, GAID etc) – this is
        typically referred to as ‘interest-based advertising’.
You can reset your device settings see 7.2 below.
We also
        display contextual advertisements on the Platform but these are not targeted to any particular user and does not
        make use of any information that personally identifies you or precisely locates you (contextual advertising is
        advertising which we target based on the content being viewed, for example if you are watching a particular
        sporting event we may serve adverts of companies or products related to that particular sport or the age-group
        most likely to be watching).
Analyse and measure how effective our advertising is by determining which media sources should be paid for
        delivering a desired action e.g. users who install our application or subscribe (also known as ‘attribution’),
        so that we pay for demonstrated value and don’t overspend.
==========
We will use your Personal Information with your consent as follows:

When you agree to participate in consumer insights activities, market research or focus groups,
When you agree to receive direct marketing by email or SMS/text message,
Or otherwise whenever the law requires us to get your permission or where we have stated we may seek your
        permission in this Privacy Notice.
When you access or use the Services or send any data, query, request or communication to us via our Support
    email, you understand that you are communicating with us electronically, and that we may respond via electronic
    means from us, such as by email.
6.
==========
DISCLOSURE



6.1 SERVICE PROVIDERS

            At times we may make your Personal Information available to our or our distributor’s service providers (such
            as but not limited to: marketing, analytics, research, communication, advertisements, infrastructure and IT
            services, technology or software providers, payment processing and other service providers) that work
            with
            us
            or assist us to provide services to you or license us software which we include in our application(s).
Personal Information will only be shared with our service providers to provide or improve the Hotstar
            Service
            and to enable us to analyse our marketing efforts.
We do not authorize our service providers to use or
            disclose your Personal Information except in connection with providing their services.
6.2 BUSINESS OR PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS

            We may offer joint promotions that, in order for you to participate and benefit from any promotional offer,
            will require us to share your Personal Information with third parties so that we co-ordinate and fulfil the
            incentive offered.
These third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices.
6.3 BUSINESS TRANSFERS

            We provide Personal Information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for
            us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Notice and any other appropriate
            confidentiality and security measures.
==========
6.4 LEGAL

            In the event of any requirement by court order, government or quasi-government agency to disclose our
            Personal
            Information, we will disclose information as may be legally required.
We may also disclose Your Personal
            Information if we, in the good faith believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to
            subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.
In the event Novi is merged with or acquired by another company or in case of re-organization or
            re-structuring of business, we and our affiliates may share your Personal Information, wholly or in part,
            with
            another business entity.
7.
==========
YOUR CONTROLS AND CHOICES

    We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of
    your Personal Information.
In accordance with applicable law, your controls and choices may include:




7.1 MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION

            You can access some of your Personal Information through the 'My Account' section of the Platform post
            successful login.
You are responsible for providing us with your accurate Personal Information and keeping
            your Personal Information up-to-date.
==========
7.2 INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING

            To opt out of interest-based ads from Hotstar UK platform in connection with a resettable device identifier
            on
            a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device
            (usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings).
You may still see Hotstar ads on your
            device, but they will not be tailored to your interests.
7.3 PUSH NOTIFICATIONS

            If you have enabled push notifications then you can disable (or enable) any time by going to your device
            “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on
            your device.
(Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work)




7.4 RECTIFICATION OF INACCURATE OR INCOMPLETE INFORMATION 

            You can ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Information concerning you by sending us an
            email
            to our support email address.
==========
In case you have made your subscription via Apple iTunes, then you will have
            to
            rectify your subscription and / or personal data on the Apple iTunes platform as per their applicable
            processes.
7.5 DATA ACCESS AND PORTABILITY 

            In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request copies of your Personal Information held by
            us.
You may also be entitled to request copies of Personal Information that you have provided to us in a
            structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to
            another service provider (where technically feasible).
You can issue such a request by contacting us via the
            provided support email.
In case you have made your subscription via Apple iTunes, then you will have to
            request for access to your subscription / personal data or portability of your subscription / personal data
            on
            the Apple iTunes platform as per their applicable processes.
==========
7.6 DATA RETENTION AND ERASURE 

            We retain your Personal Information as long as necessary for providing you the services and as per the
            lawful
            basis of processing and to comply with our legal obligations.
In particular, when determining how long we
            retain personal data, we take into account how long we need it to:
        

Maintain business records for analysis and/or audit purposes;
Comply with record retention requirements under the law;
Defend or bring any existing or potential legal claims; and
Deal with any complaints regarding the Platform/any services provided on the Platform.
The data that we collect to create a profile of you for the purpose marketing and advertising (i.e. your
            watch history and activity on the platform) is retained for a period of 12 months.
The data that we collect for sending your direct marketing communications (i.e. your phone number), except
            your registration information, is retained and used for a period of 2 years from the last date of your
            active
            subscription.
At the end of the retain period your personal data will be anonymised.
==========
If you no longer want us to use your information, then you can request that we erase your Personal
            Information and close your Platform account.
Erasure of your information from the Platform will result in
            your
            subscription being terminated without any refunds.
In case you have made your subscription via Apple iTunes,
            then you will have to unsubscribe yourself from the Apple iTunes platform as per their applicable processes
            to
            ensure that you are not being charged by Apple any further.
Additionally, in case of Apple iTunes, you will
            have to request for erasure of your personal / subscription data on Apple iTunes platform as per their
            applicable process.
Please note that if your request for the erasure of your Personal Information;

We may retain some of your Personal Information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such
                as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
For example, if we suspend a Platform account
                for
                fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from
                opening a new account in the future.
==========
We may retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal
                obligations.
For example, we may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing
                obligations.
7.7 WITHDRAWING CONSENT AND RESTRICTION OF PROCESSING

            For data that we collect and process based on permissions or consent obtained from you, you may withdraw
            your
            consent at any time, by selecting preferences available in the app or by sending us an e-mail.
We shall
            review
            your request and may ask you to verify your identity.
7.8 OBJECTION TO PROCESSING

            You have the right to object to the use of your Personal Information with respect to certain types of
            processing, including processing for direct marketing and profiling.
You can object by changing your
            preferences, disabling cookies as set out in our Cookies Policy or by contacting us (see Contact
            Information).
==========
If you wish use to cease or restrict processing of your Personal Information in relation to personalised
            content or interest-based advertising then, unless the Platform allows you to select available preferences,
            then you should cease to use the Platform and we can arrange to cancel your subscription.
In case you have
            made your subscription via Apple iTunes, then you will have to unsubscribe yourself from the Apple iTunes
            platform as per their applicable processes to ensure that you are not being charged by Apple any further.
Additionally, in case of Apple iTunes, you will have to object to processing of your subscription / personal
            data on Apple iTunes platform as per their applicable processes.
8.
==========
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

    The Platform is not intentionally designed for or directed at persons less than 18 years of age and it is our
    policy not to collect and process any Personal Information from such persons.
We do not knowingly permit any
    person who is under 18 years of age to register or to provide any other personally identifying information.
Please
    do not use or register with us if you are below 18 years of age.
If we become aware that any personally
    identifiable information of persons less than 18 years of age has been collected on the Platform without verified
    parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete any such information.
Should a parent or guardian have any reason to believe that a minor has provided us with Personal Information
    without their prior consent, please contact us (see Contact Information below).
9.
==========
DATA TRANSFER, STORAGE & PROCESSING GLOBALLY

    We operate globally and may transfer your Personal Information to Novi affiliated companies or service providers
    in locations around the world for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
Wherever your Personal
    Information is transferred, stored or processed by us or our affiliates or service providers, we will take
    reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Information.
Additionally, when using or disclosing
    Personal Information transferred from the UK, we use standard contractual clauses approved by the UK Regulator, or
    adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards.
If you would like to review a copy
    (which may be partially redacted for business confidentiality reasons), please contact us (See Contact Information
    below).
10.
==========
SECURITY

    We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help
    protect your Personal Information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration.
Some of the
    safeguards we use to protect your information are firewalls and data encryption, and information access controls.
These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your Personal
    Information.
If you know or have reason to believe that your account credentials have been lost, stolen, altered,
    or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your account, please (See
    Contact Information below).
11.
==========
CHANGE IN PRIVACY NOTICE

    This Privacy Notice is subject to change from time to time.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to
    modify the terms of this Privacy Notice from time to time in order to ensure compliance with applicable laws or in
    response to changing regulatory or operational requirements ("Updated Terms").
The Updated Terms shall be
    effective immediately (unless we state otherwise) and shall supersede the terms of this Privacy Notice.
We will
    notify you of any changes to this Privacy Notice if the changes significantly affect your rights or as may be
    required by law.
==========
Your continued use of the Hotstar Service after any updates will mean you have accepted those
    changes.
If you do not agree to the updates you should stop using the Service and cancel your subscription.
To see the previous version of this Privacy Notice please link.
12.
COMPLAINTS
If you’re not satisfied with our response to any complaint or believe our processing of your information does not
    comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) using the
    following details:
Address: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
Telephone number: 0303 123 1113
Website: www.ico.org.uk
==========
