Background: Sift Science, Inc. (“Sift” and “we”) operates a service intended to help online businesses detect and address malicious behavior on their services.
This privacy policy does not describe the information Sift collects from our customers’ services – for that information, please see the Sift Science Privacy Notice.
Last updated: Mar 18, 2013
For purposes of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), “Service” means (a) the website we operate currently located at www.siftscience.com, as it may be updated, relocated, or otherwise modified from time to time, (b) Sift’s data analytics services used for the detection of certain fraudulent or abusive online practices, and (c) unless they are accompanied by a separate privacy policy, other web sites, embeddable widgets, downloadable software, mobile applications including tablet computer applications, and messages such as emails that we may send you.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to Sift’s Terms of Service (“Terms”), and capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Terms.
We prepared this Privacy Policy to describe what information we collect, how we use and disclose it, and who to contact if you have questions.
==========
References to your “computer” or “device” in the Privacy Policy refer to any device(s) you use to access the Service, and “you” and “your” refer to the individual or entity that has agreed to the Terms.
By using the Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we do so, we will update the "Last Updated" date above.
Sift will notify you about significant changes in the way Sift treats personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Service account and/or by placing a notice on our Service.
Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes.
Continued use of the Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
==========
Collection of Data
The information we collect from you when you use the Service includes:
User-Provided Information: When you sign up or register to use the Service, Sift may ask you to provide information, including a first name, last name, and email address, which may be considered “personally identifiable information” (that is, information that would allow Sift to directly identify a person, like a name and e-mail address).
You may also provide personally identifiable information to Sift such as mailing addresses, phone numbers, and other information when you send an email to Sift, when you update the information you previously provided to Sift, or at other times when you use or access the Service.
Automatically Collected Information: When you use or access the Service, Sift may automatically record certain information about or related to your use of the Service that is made available through your computer such as an IP address, information about your computer and software, links, images, or other materials you request, information that may enable Sift to approximate your location, web pages or sites that you visited just before or just after the Service, the pages or screens you accessed on the Service, the dates and times you access the Service, and other information about how you use the Service.
==========
This information is collected through the use of different types of technologies, such as standard log files, cookies, and web beacons (sometimes called “clear GIFs”).
Cookies Information: One form of “automatically collected” information we may record is information stored by “cookies” – small text files containing characters.
When you access the Service, Sift may send one or more cookies to your computer.
By sending you cookies with values that are unique, Sift may be able to uniquely identify your web browser or device when you access the Service.
Sift may use both “session” and “persistent” cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track various types of information.
A session cookie is one that is intended to disappear after you close your browser.
A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser (and may be used to identify your browser when you later return to the Service).
Persistent cookies generally can be removed.
You may review the “Help” file for your computer or web browser to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings.
Web Beacons: Web beacons, which are sometimes referred to as “clear gifs,” are a fancy way of referring to web links that your browser, device, or email program requests when loading a web page, html email, or similar web-connected content.
When this request is made, the entity which controls the requested link (which would be Sift for links back to the Service) can determine if you opened an email containing a web beacon or otherwise viewed particular content.
==========
Use of Data
Sift may use the information you provide or that Sift collects to develop, operate, support, maintain, enhance, and provide the Service, to analyze and develop our marketing strategies, Service, and other technologies, to develop new products and services, and for other administrative and operational purposes, for example:
to contact you for feedback about the Service,
to conduct research about the Service,
to provide anonymous reporting for internal and external purposes,
to notify you of technical updates or changes in policy, or
to contact you for marketing and promotional purposes.
You can opt-out of receiving certain communications, but Sift reserves the right to continue to send you certain communications relating to the Service, such as service announcements and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Data Sharing and Disclosure
Sift may provide your information to third parties for their use in helping us perform our internal business functions.
These are things like performing maintenance, security, data analysis, email transmissions, or data hosting on our behalf.
==========
Sift may provide your information to third parties that help us better understand how you and other users use our Service.
For example, Sift may use a service called Google Analytics by permitting Google to use technologies such as web beacons and cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information that helps us understand your usage of our Service.
Sift may permit Google and other third party analytics providers to combine information collected through our Service with information collected from third party services, and such analytics providers may use this information to help us better understand our users, and such analytics providers may also use this information to help their other customers better understand their users.
In addition to Sift’s use of third party analytics services, Sift uses Sift’s own fraud analytics service to help Sift reduce fraud and abuse of the Service.
As a result, when you use the Service, Sift has configured its own fraud analytics service to collect the same types of information about your use of the Service that Sift may collect from End Users of its customers’ online services.
By accessing and using the Service, you understand that Sift’s fraud analytics service may collect a variety of personal and other information related to your use of the Service, which may include your I.P. address, username, user id, or other unique identifier associated with your use of the Service, device id, user agent, messages and comments you submit through our Service (including private messages, and the recipient of such messages), items you view, request, configure through our system, transaction information (including amounts paid, billing method, address, and bank identification number), feedback you may submit, as well as hashes of other Service metadata.
==========
Sift may also provide Sift’s fraud analytics system with additional data regarding your transactions, such as whether or not a chargeback was issued.
You understand and agree that Sift may use this information both for its internal business purposes and in operating its fraud detection and analytics services for its customers, provided that Sift does not sell or disclose this information in raw form to its other customers.
For more information about what’s collected by Sift’s fraud analytics system when you access or use the Service, please review the Privacy Notice.
If you do not agree to this collection, disclosure, and use of your information, you may not use the Service.
Sift may disclose your personal information if we believe that doing so is legally required or is in our interest to protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights or property of others, or otherwise to help protect the safety or security of our Service or of other persons, entities, facilities, or equipment.
Sift may disclose and otherwise transfer your personal information to an acquirer, or to a successor or assignee, as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which your personal information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
==========
Sift may disclose aggregated or other types of non-personally identifiable information, including “automatically collected” information that is non-personally identifiable, to third parties for various purposes.
Choice
You may also decline to share certain information with Sift, in which case Sift may not be able to provide you some features and functionality found on the Service.
Please note that Sift may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics.
You may also modify the cookie and location sharing settings on your device or in your web browser to limit the information you share.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
Please be careful with this information.
Security
Sift has implemented physical, technical, and managerial safeguards in an effort to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Despite Sift’s efforts, however, Sift cannot and does not guarantee the security of the information Sift collects from you or that such information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach or other failure of any of Sift’s physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
==========
Third Party Sites
Some of the services or materials included or accessible through the Service may be delivered or served by third-party companies that may place or recognize cookies, use web beacons and other technology to track certain information about your use of the Service.
For example, the Service may include certain integrations with third-party customer service resources, chat functionality, and other services that help provide us with analytics information about the usage of the Service.
In the course of serving such resources, some third-party operators may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of the Service.
This information could be used to show you ads based on your interests on other Web sites.
Sift does not have access to, nor control over, third-party companies' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used.
==========
Children
The Service is not intended for persons under 13 years of age, and Sift does not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information about such persons.
If Sift learns that personally identifiable information of persons under the age of 13 years has been collected on the Service without verifiable parental consent, then Sift will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has obtained a Service account, then you may alert Sift at support@siftscience.com and request that Sift delete that child’s personal information from our systems.
International Users
If you use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions, then you understand and consent to the transfer of information outside of those jurisdictions to the United States or other jurisdictions for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
Please contact Sift Science with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the Service’s collection, use, or disclosure of user information by email at privacy@siftscience.com.
==========
