A&E Television Networks - Privacy Policy
Last updated on November 28, 2006
A&E Television Networks ("AETN", "we", "us") can be reached via fax at (212) 907-9497, Attn: Interactive Media-Privacy Policy Feedback, or via email at feedback@AETV.com.
AETN supports a general policy of openness about personal data collection and use.
We have adopted and implemented this privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") as part of our commitment to protecting your personally identifiable information from misuse.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to our information-gathering and dissemination practices for the following sites: www.aetn.com, www.aetv.com, www.aetvtravel.com, www.biography.com, www.biographyclub.com, www.biographychannel.com, www.bornonthisday.com, www.historychannel.com, www.historyinternational.com, www.hottigotti.com, www.mysteries.com, www.originalavengers.com, www.saveourhistory.com, www.shopaetv.com, www.thisdayinhistory.com, and any web sites operated and made available to the general public by AETN after the "Last Updated" date above that link to this Policy through a site-wide "Privacy Policy" link or similar link (collectively, the "Websites," which include any successor site(s) to any of the foregoing).
This Privacy Policy does not cover information that we collect from and about customers of our other businesses, or through means other than through the Websites (except as expressly set forth above), or information collected by any affiliated entities through any means.
This Privacy Policy is the sole authorized statement of AETN's practices with respect to the online collection of personally identifiable information through the Websites and the use of such information.
Any summaries of this Privacy Policy generated by third-party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "Platform for Privacy Preferences" or "P3P") will have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon AETN, and will not be relied upon in substitute for this Privacy Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Privacy Policy.
==========
By providing us with personally identifiable information about yourself through the Websites, you consent and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
What information does AETN gather on its Websites?
AETN gathers two basic types of information through the Websites:  personally identifiable information, which you provide to AETN, and aggregated information, which AETN gathers through your use of the Websites.
We discuss our collection and use of these different kinds of information below.
Personally Identifiable Information

AETN uses the personally identifiable information it gathers through the Websites for several purposes, such as to understand more about our audience's interests, to communicate with you, and to give you a better experience when visiting the Websites by personalizing tools, content, and services.
AETN also uses this information to build new services and develop offers that AETN believes are more relevant and valuable to you.
==========
You do not have to provide personally identifiable information to use most of our Websites or services.
However, certain of our Websites and Website-based services (for example, AETN's "A&E Insider") may require that you furnish personally identifiable information.
We collect such personally identifiable information only when you voluntarily provide it to us - for example, in answering surveys and polls; entering contests and sweepstakes; registering to receive electronic newsletters, television listings and other materials; participating in quizzes; registering to interact with, and interacting with, message boards, blogs and clubs and other forums (collectively, the "Interactive Community"); purchasing items from our stores; and taking part in other promotional opportunities.
You may be asked to provide your contact information (such as your name, postal address, telephone numbers and/or email address), financial information (such as credit card numbers), demographic information (such as your Zip code, age, gender or income level) and information about your television viewing habits in connection with your use of such services.
==========
Contact information is used to respond to your inquiries; to notify you if you have won a sweepstakes, contest, or quiz and to send you the prize, and to send products and services ordered from our Websites.
We also reserve the right to use your contact information to send you periodic mailings with information on new products and services, updates to our Websites, or upcoming events.
We may share our user mailing list (including your personally identifiable information) with reputable third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.
We may also forward information to you regarding third party products or services, without disclosing your personally identifiable information to such third parties.
You may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information as part of our mailing list at any time (see "Opt In and Opt-Out," below).
==========
We use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to calculate Website usage levels, to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our Websites.
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is an identifying number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).
This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit our Websites, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited.
Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet, and is done automatically by many websites.
We may share demographic information, television viewing habits, results of surveys, as well as usage data calculated from logging IP addresses, with advertisers
==========
