TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY DESCRIBE YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
This is the official Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") for Addictinggames.com ("Site," "we," "us," or "our"), an Internet website owned and operated by Atom Entertainment, Inc. ("Atom Entertainment") a MTV Networks company and a division of Viacom International Inc. (together with MTVN, the "Parent Companies").
This Agreement governs only the content, features, and activities related to this Site and does not cover websites for any other MTVN programming channel, MTVN's "Jobhunt" website, the Parent Companies, and any subsidiaries and affiliates of Atom Entertainment Inc. and the Parent Companies (collectively, "Affiliates"), or any other company, unless specifically stated.
Atom Entertainment operates and controls the Site from its offices in San Francisco, California, in the United States of America.
==========
We make no representation that the Site is appropriate or available in other locations.
Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Software made available from this Site (including without limitation game downloads) is subject to United States export controls.
Thus, no software from this Site may be downloaded, exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders.
By downloading any software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of, any such country or on any such list.
==========
These terms and conditions regarding your use of the Site constitute a legally binding agreement between you and the Site and Atom Entertainment.
In this Agreement, the term "Site" includes all websites and web pages within the Site as well as any equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Site.
By using this Site, you understand, acknowledge and agree that you will abide by the terms of this Agreement and any additional terms that govern certain products and services, which will be presented in conjunction with those products and services ("Additional Terms"), including the AddictingGames User Submission Agreement which governs your submission of User Material as such term is defined therein.
The Site may also provide rules of participation ("Rules") for certain activities and services including, but not limited to, contests and sweepstakes, award programs, and subscription services.
The Site's Additional Terms and the Privacy Policyand the Rules are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
To the extent that there is a conflict between this Agreement and Additional Terms for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Additional Terms shall govern.
To the extent that there is a conflict between this Agreement and the specific Rules for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Rules shall govern.
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site and in the event of termination of any membership, service or feature, you will still be bound by your obligations under this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, any Additional Terms or Rules, including any indemnifications, warranties and limitations of liability.
==========
The words "use" and/or "using" in this Agreement mean any time an individual (a "user"), directly or indirectly, with or without the aid of a machine or device, does or attempts to access, interact with use, display, view, print or copy from the Site, transmit, receive or exchange data or communicate with the Site, or in any way utilizes, benefits, takes advantage of or interacts with any function, service or feature of the Site, for any purpose whatsoever.
This Agreement does not cover your rights or responsibilities with respect to third party content or sites or any links that may direct your browser or your connection to third party sites or pages.
This is the entire and exclusive Agreement between you and us regarding use of the Site and it cannot be modified, except as specifically described below in Section 2.
1.
==========
REGISTRATION AND USE OF PASSWORD
											    We may require each user to have a unique user name and password combination in order to access and use certain features or functions of the Site and may also, from time to time, provide users with additional codes or passwords necessary to access and use certain features or functions of the Site.
Please read our Privacy Policy, which describes the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") we collect, use, disclose, manage and store.
As part of the registration process for the feature or function, you will choose a user name and password (or we may assign an initial password which we will give you the option to change).
Your user name and password are personal to you and you may not allow any others to use your user name or password under any circumstances.
We are not liable for any harm caused or related to the theft or misappropriation of your user name or password, disclosure of your user name or password, or your authorization of anyone else to use your user name or password.
You agree to notify us immediately if you become aware of or believe there is or may have been any unauthorized use of (or activity using) your user name or password or any other need to deactivate your user name or password due to security concerns.
PASSWORDS ARE ISSUED ON A PERSONAL BASIS.
==========
ACCORDINGLY, ALL CONTENT OR INSTRUCTIONS TRANSMITTED BY OR RECEIVED FROM ANYONE PRESENTING YOUR PASSWORD ON THE SITE WILL BE DEEMED BINDING ON YOU.
You agree that you are solely responsible and liable for all actions taken via your password, whether or not made with your knowledge or authority.
You agree to guard your password carefully, with the full awareness that a failure to keep it secure will enable others to engage in transactions through the Site for which you will be legally responsible.
2.
==========
MODIFICATIONS
												We reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, for any reason in our sole discretion, to change the terms of this Agreement.
We will post or display notices of material changes on the Site and/or e-mail you or notify you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion.
Once we post them on the Site, these changes become effective immediately and if you use the Site after they become effective it will signify your agreement to be bound by the changes.
You should check back frequently and review this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the AddictingGames User Submission Agreement, other Additional Terms, Rules and Privacy Policy, regularly so you are aware of the most current rights and obligations that apply to you and the terms and conditions of your agreement with us.
3.
==========
OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
												The contents of this Site, including all Site software, design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio and video material, artwork, graphic material, databases, proprietary information and all copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable elements of the Site, including, without limitation, the selection, sequence and 'look and feel' and arrangement of items, and all trademarks, service marks and trade names (individually and/or collectively, "Material"), are the property of Atom Entertainment, its Parent Companies, and its Affiliates, and any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective licensors, Advertisers (as defined below), suppliers, and operational service providers and are legally protected, without limitation, under U.S. Federal and State, as well as applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties.
Unless the context clearly requires otherwise or we explicitly say so in writing, the term "Site" includes "Material" as well.
The Site is to be used solely for your noncommercial, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable and limited personal use and for no other purposes.
You must not alter, delete or conceal any copyright or other notices contained on the Site, including notices on any Material you download, transmit, display, print or reproduce from the Site.
You shall not, nor will you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party (including, without limitation, on or via a third party website), or otherwise use, any Material without the express prior written consent of Atom Entertainment.
==========
Any unauthorized or prohibited use of any Material may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, or both, under applicable federal, state and local laws.
We require users to respect our copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights.
We likewise respect the intellectual property of others.
On notice, we will act expeditiously to remove content on the Site that infringes the copyright rights of others and will disable the access to the Site and its services of anyone who uses them to repeatedly to infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
==========
We take protection of copyrights, both our own and others, very seriously.
We therefore employ multiple measures to prevent copyright infringement over this Site and to promptly end any infringement that might occur.
If you believe that the Site contains elements that infringe your copyrights in your work, please follow the procedures set forth in our Copyright Compliance Policy
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN BY THESE TERMS, NEITHER ATOM ENTERTAINMENT, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY THIRD PARTY HAS CONFERRED UPON YOU BY IMPLICATION, ESTOPPEL OR OTHERWISE, ANY LICENSE OR RIGHT UNDER ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, COPYRIGHT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO USE THE SITE OR ANY APPLICATIONS OFFERED ON THE SITE.
EXCEPT FOR USER MATERIALS SUBMITTED BY YOU, NO OWNERSHIP RIGHTS ARE OR WILL BE ASSIGNED TO YOU.
4.
==========
ADVERTISING
												From time to time, you may communicate with, receive communications from, be re-directed to, interact with, or participate in or use the services or obtain goods and services of or from, third parties (collectively, the "Advertisers") such as our advertisers, sponsors, or promotional partners.
as a result of your use of the Site.
All such communication, interaction and participation is strictly and solely between you and such Advertisers and we shall not be responsible or liable to you in any way in connection with these activities or transactions (including, without limitation, any representations, warranties, covenants, contracts or other terms or conditions that may exist between you and the Advertiser or any goods or services you may purchase or obtain from any Advertiser).
5.
AGREEMENT TO DEAL ELECTRONICALLY
												All transactions with or through the Site or Atom Entertainment may, at Atom Entertainment's option, be conducted and executed electronically.
Atom Entertainment may keep records of any type of communication conducted via the Site.
==========
All electronic records are deemed sent when they are properly addressed to the recipient and the record enters an information processing system outside the control of the sender or the record enters a region of an information processing system under the recipient's control.
All electronic records are received when the record enters an information processing system that the recipient has designated or uses for the purpose of receiving electronic records or information of the type sent, in a form capable of being processed by that system, and from which the recipient is able to retrieve the electronic record.
6.
==========
RULES OF CONDUCT		
												Your use of the Site is subject to all applicable local, state, national laws and regulations and, in some cases, international treaties.
You are solely responsible for all activities, acts and omissions that occur in, from, through or under your user name or password.
You shall not use, allow, or enable others to use the Site, or knowingly condone use of this Site by others, in any manner that is, attempts to, or is likely to: 
												
be libelous, defamatory, indecent, vulgar or obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit or sexually suggestive, racially, culturally, or ethnically offensive, harmful, harassing, intimidating, threatening, hateful, objectionable, discriminatory, or abusive, or which may or may appear to impersonate anyone else; 
												affect us adversely or reflect negatively on us, the Site, our goodwill, name or reputation or cause duress, distress or discomfort to us or anyone else, or discourage any person, firm or enterprise from using all or any portion, features or functions of the Site, or from advertising, linking or becoming a supplier to us in connection with the Site; 
												send or result in the transmission of junk e-mail, chain letters, duplicative or unsolicited messages, surveys, contests, pyramid scheme, or so-called "spamming" and "phishing"; 
												be used for commercial or business purposes, including, without limitation, advertising, marketing or offering goods or services, whether or not for financial or any other form of compensation or through linking with any other website or web pages; 
												transmit, distribute or upload programs or material that contain malicious code, such as viruses, timebombs, cancelbots, worms, trojan horses, spyware, or other potentially harmful programs or other material or information; 
												create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others or forge any TCP/IP packet header or part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting for any reason; 
												disrupt the normal flow of Communities (as defined below) with an excessive number of messages (i.e. flooding attack) or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to participate in Communities; 
												contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted; "stalk" or otherwise harass anyone; 
												violate any laws, regulations (including, without limitation, laws regarding the transmission of technical data or software exported from the United States), judicial or governmental order or any treaties, or violate or infringe upon any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy or any other rights of ours or of any other person, firm or enterprise; gain unauthorized access to the Site, other users' accounts, names, passwords, personally identifiable information or other computers, websites or pages, connected or linked to the Site or to use the Site in any manner which violates or is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
												modify, disrupt, impair, alter or interfere with the use, features, functions, operation or maintenance of the Site or the rights of use and enjoyment of the Site by any other person, firm or enterprise; or 
												collect, obtain, compile, gather, transmit, reproduce, delete, revise, view or display any material or information, whether personally identifiable or not, posted by or concerning any other person, firm or enterprise, in connection with their or your use of the Site, unless you have obtained the express, prior permission of such other person, firm or enterprise to do so.
In addition, if you choose to use the embedded link function, you agree not to embed a link on or within any illegal site, including but not limited to any site that is indecent, obscene or pornographic or that is determined to be otherwise objectionable in Atom Entertainment's sole and absolute discretion.
Atom Entertainment reserves the right to disable embedded links at any time without notice.
7.
==========
LIMITED NON-COMMERCIAL LICENSE TO USE SITE
												Atom Entertainment hereby grants you the limited right to access, view and use the Site only for the purposes of accessing, viewing or playing content, posting or submitting User Material (as defined in the AddictingGames User Submission Agreement), using the embedded link function, placing product orders or for accessing information, Applications (as defined herein) and services.
Atom Entertainment reserves the right to suspend or deny, in its sole discretion, your access to all or any portion of the Site as described in Section 15.
This license is limited to personal and non-commercial uses by you.
Any rights not expressly granted to you herein are reserved to Atom Entertainment.
Minors should seek consent of his or her legal guardian before using this site.
Unless you have received specific written permission from Atom Entertainment, you may not (a) "frame" or otherwise impose editorial comment, commercial material or any information or content on, or in proximity to, content displayed on the Site; (b) alter or modify any content on the Site; or (c) deep link or gain unauthorized access to any portion of the Site.
Without limiting other restrictions, you agree not to reproduce, transmit, sell, or otherwise exploit the Site and/or Applications for any commercial purpose.
8.
==========
LIMITED NON-COMMERCIAL LICENSE TO USE APPLICATIONS
												Atom Entertainment may offer you the ability to use certain applications, including without limitation, instant messages, chat areas, bulletin boards, e-mail functions, software and services that allow you to download specific content from the Site to your computer, multi-player games and software that allows you to create greetings, puzzles, photographs, musical compositions and mixes, music videos and cartoons ("Applications").
Without limiting your obligations and restrictions described in Section 7 above, your limited license to use the Applications is subject to the following conditions:

The Applications that are made available to you are the copyrighted work of Atom Entertainment and/or its Parent Companies and/or its Affiliates and/or its suppliers.
The use of each Application is governed by the end user license agreement ("EULA") that accompanies or is included in the Application or is expressly stated on the Site pages accompanying the Application and this Agreement.
In the event that no EULA accompanies the Application, then only this Agreement shall govern your use of the Application.
You may not download or use any Application from the Site without agreeing to the EULA, if any, and this Agreement.
Certain Applications may be owned by third parties and distributed under a third party EULA and you agree that Atom Entertainment shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such third parties.
Unless expressly stated otherwise in the EULA, you are granted only a limited license to download and/or use the Application from a single computer for personal and non-commercial purposes.
==========
You may not make copies of or distribute the Application or electronically transfer the Application from one computer to another or over a network, nor may you separate any content from an associated Application.
You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Application to human perceivable form.
You may not rent, lease or sublicense the Application.
You may not create derivative works of the Application and you may not export the Application in violation of any U.S. or foreign law, rule or regulation.
==========
All rights in Applications not specifically granted to you in writing by Atom Entertainment are reserved to Atom Entertainment.
Atom Entertainment may cease support of any Application at any time in its sole discretion or terminate your use of or access to any Application, as further described in below Section 15 
												Applications you use or download from the Site may contain third party digital rights management systems ("DRMS") which may allow for communication between your software and the third party and utilize security features (e.g., preventing distribution of or access to the applications in the event of unauthorized use).
These DRMS are subject to their own license agreements and you agree that Atom Entertainment shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to or resulting from the use of the DRMS or your dealings with such third parties.
The Applications may also contain DRMS produced by Atom Entertainment which allow for communication between the applications you use or download and our systems and which collect information describing your computer system in order to prevent illegal or unauthorized use of the applications.
More specifically, the DRMS for subscription services and Applications licensed from the Site may transmit the following pieces of information, along with other information, when you either enter a purchase key or sign in with your subscription service user name and password: Operating System, CPU Version Information (including serial number from a serial-number-enabled Pentium III), BIOS Version Information, NetBIOS Computer Name, DOS HD Serial Number, Hard Drive Size / Geometry, S.M.A.R.T. IDE HD Serial Number, Network Card MAC Address, IP Address and Size of Physical Memory.
9.
==========
WIRELESS MARKETING SERVICES AND PROMOTIONAL OPPORTUNITIES 
												Atom Entertainment may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special promotions, services, news, programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones.
Users are required to provide their consent to receive such information by complying with the specific terms related to a particular service.
Information that may be requested for specific promotions include, without limitation, a user's preferences regarding goods or services, choices of music or artists, or other similar survey information.
Depending on the promotion, we may also collect an Internet email address or other information and, depending on the information collected, the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Agreement and, including without limitation, the Privacy Policy and/or Additional Terms.
==========
Under no circumstances will Atom Entertainment, its Parent Companies or any Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user's wireless device, telephone number, or email address.
You understand, acknowledge and agree that Atom Entertainment may, at its sole discretion and without liability to any user, terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice.
Atom Entertainment may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site.
10.
==========
USER COMMUNICATION FEATURES AND POSTINGS 
												Your comments, suggestions and information are important to us.
Portions of this Site may provide you and other users an opportunity to participate in instant messaging, forum services, blogs, web communities and other message and communication facilities ("Communities") and may provide you with the opportunity, through such Communities or otherwise, to submit, post, display, transmit and/or exchange (a) information, ideas, opinions, messages or other information ("Post" or "Postings") and (b) User Material (as defined in the AddictingGames  User Submission Agreement, your submission of which is also governed by the terms and conditions therein, and considered a Posting for purposes of this Agreement.
You understand, acknowledge and agree that such Postings are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Postings originated.
This means that you are solely and entirely responsible for the consequences of all Postings that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site.
Postings do not reflect the views of the Site, Atom Entertainment, the Parent Companies or the Affiliates.
==========
We reserve the right to monitor, edit or screen any Postings.
If we determine, in our sole discretion and judgment, that any Posting does or may violate any of the terms of this Agreement, we reserve the right, at any time and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement, at law or in equity, to: (a) refuse to allow you to Post; (b) remove and delete Postings; (c) revoke your right to use the Site; (d) disclose any information that we deemed necessary to ensure your compliance with all applicable laws and with this Agreement; and/or (e) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to us to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration on the Site.
If a Posting originates from you or your account, you hereby agree that: (a) you specifically authorize the Site, Atom Entertainment, the Parent Companies and their Affiliates to use such Posting in whole or in part, throughout the universe, in perpetuity (except for AG Uploads, as defined in the AddictingGames User Submission Agreement in or on any and all media, now known or hereafter devised, and alone or together or as part of other information, content and/or material of any kind or nature; (b) you represent and warrant that (i) the Posting is original to you and/or fully cleared for use as contemplated herein, (ii) the Posting does and will not, in any way, violate or breach any of the terms of this Agreement, (iii) the Posting does not contain libelous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information, infringe or violate any copyright or other right, or contain any matter the publication or sale of which will violate any federal or state statute or regulation, (iv) the Posting is not obscene or in any other manner unlawful, (v) the Posting shall not be injurious to the health of any user, and (vi) we shall not be required to pay or incur any sums to any person or entity as a result of our use or exploitation of the Posting; and (c) if your Posting incorporates the name, logo, brand, service or trademark, voice, likeness or image of any person, firm or enterprise, you specifically represent and warrant that (i) you have the right to grant the Site, Atom Entertainment, the Parent Companies and their Affiliates the right to use all such Postings as described above, (ii) the Posting was produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
You understand, acknowledge and agree that we have the right to delete, re-format and/or change your Postings in any manner that we may determine (although you will not be responsible for any such changes made).
The amount of storage space on the Site per user is limited.
Some Postings may not be processed due to space constraints or outbound message limitations.
==========
You understand, acknowledge and agree that we assume no responsibility for deletion of Postings or any failure to store, receive or deliver Postings in a timely manner or any other matter relating to Postings.
Posting is for noncommercial purposes only and you may not Post in any manner which does or is intended to promote or generate revenue for any business enterprise or commercial activity.
If you believe that any content on the Site (including, without limitation, User Material) violates any of the terms of this Agreement (except for any notices covered by the Copyright Compliance Policy), please click here to send us a message about it (please refer to our  Copyright Compliance Policy for any notices covered by the Copyright Compliance Policy).
We cannot guarantee that we will respond to your message and we reserve the right to take or refrain from taking any or all steps available to us once we receive any such message.
11.
==========
CONTESTS, SWEEPSTAKES, AUCTIONS AND PROMOTIONS 
												From time to time, Atom Entertainment, its Parent Companies, the Affiliates or the Site's operational service providers, suppliers, and Advertisers, may conduct promotions on or through the Site, including, without limitation, auctions, contests and sweepstakes ("Promotions").
Each Promotion may have Additional Terms and/or Rules which will be posted or otherwise made available to you and, for purposes of each Promotion, will be deemed incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement.
12.
==========
HYPERLINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
												The appearance, availability, or your use of URLs or hyperlinks referenced or included anywhere on the Site or any other form of link or re-direction of your connection to, with or through the Site, does not constitute an endorsement by, nor does it incur any obligation, responsibility or liability on the part of, the Site, Atom Entertainment, the Parent Companies or any of its Affiliates, any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, Advertisers, suppliers, and operational service providers.
We do not verify, endorse or have any responsibility for any such third party sites, their business practices (including their privacy policies), or any goods or services associated with or obtained in connection with any such site, whether the Site's, Atom Entertainment's, the Parent Companies' or any of their Affiliates' logo or sponsorship identification is on the third party site as part of a co-branding or promotional arrangement.
If any third party site obtains or collects Personal Information from you, in no event shall we assume or have any responsibility or liability.
Please read our Privacy Policy, which describes how Atom Entertainment collects and uses your Personal Information and co-branding relationships.
13.
==========
ADS AND MALWARE
	We take great care and pride in creating this Site.
We are always on the lookout for technical glitches that effect how the Site works.
When we find them on our end, we will fix them.
Unfortunately, your home computer may cause some glitches that effect how you see our Site -- and that is beyond our control.
==========
If you experience any unusual behavior, content or ads on the Site, it may be the result of Malware on your computer.
Malware -- short for MALicious softWARE -- is a term used to broadly classify a form of software which is installed in a computer system with malicious intentions, usually without the owner's knowledge or permission.
Malware includes computer viruses, key loggers, malicious active content, rogue programs and dialers, among others.
While we continuously work closely with our partners to ensure that everything on the Site is working properly, sometimes Malware programs on your personal computer may interfere with your experience on our Site and on other sites that you visit.
==========
We suggest that you take some of the following actions which may help to clean your computer and which could prevent future installations of Malware.
* Update your computer via Windows Update (found in the Tools menu in your Internet Explorer web browser).
* Install a SpyWare Removal Tool such as Spybot Search and Destroy or AdAware to clean your computer of Malware.
* Install antivirus software, such as Norton anti-virus or McAfee Virus-shield.
* Install Microsoft Defender (for Windows computers).
Please note that we cannot be responsible for the effects of any third-party software including Malware on your computer system.
Please make sure to carefully read the Help or Customer Support areas of any software download site.
If you do discover any Malware on your system, we also suggest you speak with a qualified computer technician.
If, after taking the above actions, you are still experiencing any problems, please feel free to contact us privacy-admin(at)atom.com

14.
==========
DEACTIVATION/TERMINATION OF YOUR REGISTRATION OR USE
												If you are registered to use the Site, you may deactivate your account on the Site, at any time and for any reason, by logging in to your account and then by clicking on the "My Account" link and then selecting the "Cancel My Account" option.
We may terminate your use of and registration on the Site and/or your use of and access to Applications at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, without prior notice to you and without any liability or further obligation of any kind whatsoever to you or any other party.
15.
==========
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
												THIS SITE, AND ALL MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND POSTINGS ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ANY GUARANTY OR ASSURANCE THE SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR USE, OR THAT ALL PRODUCTS, FEATURES, FUNCTIONS OR OPERATIONS WILL BE AVAILABLE OR PERFORM AS DESCRIBED.
Without limiting the foregoing, we are not responsible or liable for any malicious code, delays, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions arising out of your use of the Site.
You understand, acknowledge and agree that you are assuming the entire risk as to the quality, accuracy, performance, timeliness, adequacy, completeness, correctness, authenticity, security and validity of any and all features and functions of the Site, including, without limitation, Postings and Materials associated with your use of the Site.
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO ANY AND ALL PRODUCTS.
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY MADE IN WRITING, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY AND EVERY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL PRODUCTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
==========
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, THIS SITE, ATOM ENTERTAINMENT, ITS PARENT COMPANIES, ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, OPERATIONAL SERVICE PROVIDERS, ADVERTISERS, OR SUPPLIERS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, OF ANY KIND, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM USE OF THE SITE OR FROM THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR ANY BREACH OF THESE TERMS BY ATOM ENTERTAINMENT, ITS PARENT COMPANIES OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES OR AGENTS SHALL BE, AT ATOM ENTERTAINMENT'S OPTION, (1) SUBSTITUTION OR REPLACEMENT OF ALL OR PART OF THE APPLICATION OR PRODUCT THAT GIVES RISE TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY YOU IN REASONABLE RELIANCE ON ATOM ENTERTAINMENT; OR (2) REFUND OF THE AMOUNT THAT YOU PAID TO ATOM ENTERTAINMENT.
YOU AGREE THAT THE DAMAGE EXCLUSIONS IN THESE TERMS SHALL APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
16.
==========
ASSUMPTION OF RISKS AND MATURE CONTENT 
												YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS THAT THE SITE, CONTENT, USER MATERIALS, APPLICATIONS, AND RELATED INFORMATION ARE SUITABLE OR ACCURATE FOR YOUR NEEDS AND WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.
ANY APPLICATIONS DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR LOSS OF DATA.
BY PARTICIPATING IN MULTI-PLAYER GAMES OR VISITING CHAT ROOMS YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO RUDE, CRUDE, INDECENT, OR OTHER OFFENSIVE LANGUAGE OR REFERENCES.
YOU AGREE THAT ATOM ENTERTAINMENT, ITS PARENT COMPANIES OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES OR AGENTS SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY SORT RELATING TO YOUR DEALINGS WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ADVERTISER OR CONTENT PROVIDER ON THE SITE.
17.
INDEMNIFICATION 
												You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Site, Atom Entertainment, the Parent Companies and any of their Affiliates, or any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, Advertisers, suppliers, and operational service providers harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees), resulting from any breach or violation of this Agreement by you, or public posting of your Postings.
18.
==========
PRIVACY 
												We respect your privacy and the use and protection of your Personal Information.
Please see our Privacy Policy for important information and disclosures relating to the collection and use of your Personal Information in connection with your use of the Site.
19.
==========
INTERNATIONAL USAGE
												This Site is controlled and operated by Atom Entertainment from its offices within California, United States of America.
Atom Entertainment makes no representation that the Site, Applications, or related information offered by Atom Entertainment are appropriate or available in other locations.
Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
20.
==========
LAW THAT APPLIES TO THIS AGREEMENT; MISCELLANEOUS TERMS
												This Agreement, together with any Additional Terms, Rules, our  Privacy Policy and any other regulations, procedures and policies which we refer to and which are hereby incorporated by reference, contains the entire understanding and agreement between you and the Site and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent understandings relating to the Site and your use of the Site.
This Agreement cannot be changed or terminated orally.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this will not affect any other provisions and the Agreement will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable.
Any provision which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive the termination of this Agreement; however, no action arising out of this Agreement or your use of the Site, regardless of form or the basis of the claim, may be brought by you more than one (1) year after the cause of action has arisen (or if multiple causes, from the date the first such cause arose).
This Agreement and your use of the Site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of New York (notwithstanding the State's conflict of laws provisions) applicable to contracts made, executed and wholly performed in New York, and, for the purposes of any and all legal or equitable actions, you specifically agree and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal Courts situated in the State and County of New York and agree you will not object to such jurisdiction or venue on the grounds of lack of personal jurisdiction, forum non conveniens or otherwise.
To the extent it may be applicable, you agree to opt out from and expressly exclude any applicability of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act.
IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED TO ENFORCE ANY RIGHT OR OBLIGATION OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY NOW HAVE OR HEREAFTER POSSESS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.
21.
NOTICES
												Except as expressly stated otherwise, any notices required or allowed under this Agreement shall be given to Atom Entertainment by postal mail to: Atom Entertainment, Inc., 225 Bush Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94104, or as to a successor address that Atom Entertainment makes available on the Site or through other reasonable manner.
This Terms of Service Agreement was last modified on November 12, 2009, and is effective immediately.
Copyright - 2009 MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved.
==========
