We may use information that we collect about you to:·      Deliver the Ask Apps Services to you;·      Respond to your queries with the best possible answers and search results;·      Provide you with customer support;·      Perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, the Ask Apps Services, or products, services or content offered by others;·      Communicate with you by e-mail or other display media about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our IAC affiliates or other third parties;·      Enable us and our search and advertising partners to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests, when you use the Ask Apps Services;·      Enforce our terms and conditions;·      Manage our business and protect the quality of the Ask Apps Services, which includes maintenance of the Ask Apps Services systems;·      Investigate complaints, abuse or other allegations; and·      Perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.In addition, we may collect, use and disclose your personal information as required or permitted by applicable law, or as directed by you, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Sources of Information1.
Information You Provide To Us: we may collect and store any information you provide when using the Ask Apps Services or that you provide in some other manner.
This information may include information such as:·       Your name and/or email address (in the provision of customer support/your data rights request).
·       Information provided when you log-in to the Ask Apps Services via Facebook or any other social media site (you should review the privacy policy of Facebook or any other social media site through which you choose to log into certain Ask Apps Services).
·       We also collect and store information and other content you post to the Ask Apps Services, where such features are made available (e.g., MyScrapBook which allows you to centrally save items such as photos).
Further, in order to permit us to protect the quality of our products and services, we may to the extent permitted by applicable law access your account and records on a case by case basis to investigate complaints or other allegations.2.
==========
Automatically Captured Information: we automatically collect information from your computer and/or device when you use the Ask Apps Services.
This allows us to assess how you have used the Ask Apps Services, the device you have used them on and helps us to analyze how we can optimize the Ask Apps Services for you in the future.
This information may include:·       Information about your hardware and software such as your IP address, your browser type and language and other browser-related information and a timestamp.
==========
·       Information about how you use the Search Applications such as the keyword query, search query text, search results clicked, pages viewed and search history.
·       The content of any of our undeleted cookies, including a unique identifier (see section D "Cookies" below), software installed upon and/or devices connected to your computer and/or device, and the referring website address.3.
Other Technologies: we may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons, cookies and other similar technologies, to track your use of the Ask Apps Services (see our cookies policy).
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of sites.
==========
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer as part of the Ask Apps Services for our users.4.
Third Parties and Behavioral Advertising: Third Parties: we may allow third parties, including our authorized service providers, parent and subsidiary companies, affiliates, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements or place ad tags or beacons on or via our Services on the computer or device you use to access our Ask Apps Services and to track that device to over time and across different web sites for the purpose of serving advertising relevant to your interests.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of information to serve interest-based advertising.
==========
Some but not all providers may allow you to opt-out of receiving their targeted ads, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services, applications, resources to which our Services may link or that you may access through the Services.
If you are using a version of the Service that includes third party services, such third party features, functionalities and content are subject to such third party's privacy policy.The use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Chrome Web Store User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.This Service utilizes the YouTube API Services as a third party service to make it easier for you to access video content in response to your query, and you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service (https://www.youtube.com/t/terms) and Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy), when engaging with the YouTube content and services through the Service.
We take no responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any third party service.
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any third party service you access.
==========
Behavioral Advertising: we work with various companies (such as advertisers, ad networks and data management platforms) to tailor online ads that you see elsewhere on the internet, including through behavioral advertising designed to target users' interests and deliver more relevant advertising.
To provide such ads, these third parties may collect and/or we may disclose to these third parties a unique ID that may be associated with your device's platform or a device/internet browser combinationWe or these third parties may collect the following information (and similar information):·       Demographic data collected on Ask Apps Services (e.g., age, zip or postal code, gender) and geographic location derived from your IP address on your visits to the Ask Apps Services and non-affiliated websites and applications;·       Data about your use of or visits to the Ask Apps Services and non-affiliated websites and applications;·       Data on your interaction with the advertisement displayed on third party websites and applications; and·       Interest and usage data (such as the pages you view and links you click on) acquired from other companies.We may disclose any or all of the collected information to third parties.We or these third parties may use the collected information to provide advertisements of interest to you on certain Ask Apps Services and non-affiliated websites and applications and for other purposes described in this privacy policy (such as to improve or customize our products).5.
Do Not Track Signals: Ask Apps Services systems are not configured to respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services.To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal basis:·       Provide you with the Ask Apps Services: most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us.
For instance, as you go about using our service, we use your information to provide you with a more customized and personal experience.
·       Legitimate interests: we may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so.
For instance, we analyze users’ behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings, ensure it is bug free, and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
·       Consent: from time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by either contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
==========
