Home
About
Legal
About Us
About YP
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising Choices
EULA
Legal Notices
Advertisers
About Search Results
Copyright Claims/DMCA
Contact Us
Contact YP
This page contains links to certain legal policies and terms for YP.com websites and products.
By downloading, installing, or using any YP.com applications, accessing or using the YP.com service, or accessing or using any of the content available within the products and services you agree to be bound by the following: (1) the applicable terms of service for your product(s) or service(s); (2) the terms found on our Legal Notices page; and (3) the Privacy Policy.
You should read these documents, as together they form a binding agreement between you and YP.com regarding your use of the applicable service(s) and product(s).
YP.com Terms
Terms of Use (for YP Sites)
YP.com Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mobile End-User License Agreements
YP.com Mobile Application and Services EULA
Legal Notices
The following are legal notices that we are obligated to provide by law and/or by contract on the site.
These Legal Notices are incorporated by reference into the YP.com Terms of Use and the YP.com Mobile Application End-User License Agreements (where applicable).
Data provided by Neustar
Data provided by Data Axle
HERE Terms of Use
Neighborhood data provided by Pitney Bowes Software, Inc. © 2021 – Duplication is Strictly Prohibited
Fuel price data provided by Oil Price Information Service, LLC – Used under license.
Any commercial use of this content or any part of it (including download, duplication, reproduction, distribution, display, or other exploitation) is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright and other laws.
==========
Advertisers
Below are links to the Advertising Terms and Conditions.
There may be other policies and terms that are not listed that apply to certain YPSM product(s) or service(s).
The below terms include important contractual provisions you should know about, including Performance Disclaimers, Directory Distribution Disclaimers, Advertiser's Warranties as to Advertiser's Intellectual Property Rights, Advertiser Indemnity Obligations, Forum and Venue Limitations and Limitations on YP's Liability.
If you do not find the applicable policies regarding your specific product(s) or service(s) please contact YP Customer Care.
Additional discounts may apply to published print rates, based on the volume and mix of products and services purchased, purchasing history, ad placement/category, directory usage and other factors.
YP Advertiser General Terms and Conditions
YP Services Terms
National Sales Only
For Advertisers purchasing Services from YP's National Sales organization, the following General Terms apply: YP Advertiser General Terms and Conditions — National
About Search Results
YP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs.
==========
Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria.
These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you.
"Preferred" listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions.
YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.
==========
