96911062.5 0043048-00021May 24, 2018Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes the manner in which LeftsnRights, Inc. (“LeftsnRights,” “our,” “us” or “we”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User” or “you”) of our website (www.liqwid.com) (the “Site”), and other products, services and support offered by LeftsnRights, including without limitation our ad.Inject technologythat is placed on the webpages of various third party websites (theproducts, services and support together with the Site, the “Services”).
By accessing or using any of our Services, you are and shall be bound by, and you agree to the collection and use of your Personal Information (defined below) as set forth in, this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with any part of our Privacy Policy, do not access or use our Services.Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EEAThe Personal Information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which may provide different or less comprehensive privacy and/or security protections for the information.
By submitting your Personal Information, you are agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing outside the EEA.
If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Information is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Information We Collect from You“Personal Information”means any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier.
==========
User information.The types of Personal Information that we collect from use of the Services include, without limitation: first and last name, email address, mailing address, 96911062.5 0043048-00021phone number, information you provide to us in online forms, information you provide to us when you contact us by email or telephone, payment information, login credentials, details of how you use our Services, responses you provide us in our surveys, and any other information you provide to us to purchase our Services, to receive marketing from us and for us to deliver our Services.
This Personal Information may be collected when Users visit our Site, register on the Site, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on or through our Services.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
Users may refuse to supply Personal Information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.Business account information.Personal Information also includes, without limitation, title, job function, business name,business address, business email address, and business phone number that we collect about people we serve or work with, including actual and prospective customers, contractors, vendors and other entities interested in us or our products and services, as well as information collected for payment.
Information We May Automatically CollectWhen you use our Services, some information is automatically collected.
For example, when you visit our website, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, access times, browser type, and language, and the website you visited before our Site are logged automatically.
We also collect information about your usage of and activity with our Services.
==========
Additionally, when you access our Services through a mobile device, we may automatically collect data about your device, such as geolocation (at the city level), device ID, type of device, operating system version and how you use our application, including pages you view.How are “cookies” or “tracking technologies” used?We (or service providers and marketing customers on our behalf) may use technologies, including “cookies,” “web beacons,” “tags” and “scripts” to automatically collect information from you when you use the Services.
Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your Internet browser, which saves and recognizes your browsing 




More Information
Less Information


Close
==========
