Who do we share your personal information with?
• Our group companies at times may share your personal information with our affiliated companies within the Expedia Group family, listed at the expediagroup.comwebsite.
This sharing enables us, for example, to enhance the products and services we offer, as well as potentially provide you with information about products and services, both travel-related and other, which we believe might interest you.
Also, if you inquire about booking a vacation rental stay through another Expedia Group brand, such as HomeAway, we may on occasion share, for example, the number of your prior trips and any status level you have with an Expedia Group brand with the vacation rental owner so they may have additional reassurance in approving your stay.
To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
==========
They will also take appropriate steps to comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and, at a minimum, give you an opportunity in any promotional email they send to choose not to receive such email messages in the future.
• Third party services providers who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of; provide functionality on; or help to enhance the security of our Online Services), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes such as credit card processing, business analytics, customer service, marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention.
Where third-party service providers have access to data they will only collect information as needed to perform their functions.
They are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
==========
• Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be offered on our Online Services.
You can tell when a third-party business partner is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear, either alone or with ours.
If you choose to access these optional services, we will on occasions share information about you, including your personal information, with those partners.
An example of a business partner would be a third-party loyalty program that you will earn points for, through a booking.
==========
• Travel suppliers such as hotel, airline, car rental, insurance, Property Owners, and, where available, activity providers, rail and cruise lines, who fulfil your travel reservations.
Services provided by a third-party supplier are generally described as such.
Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you, facilitate your travel reservation, or respond to a review you may submit in accordance with their own independent Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may share anonymous reviews with our hotel suppliers.
On such occasions we do not share reviewer names or contact information unless you have explicitly told us that we may.
We are not responsible for the hotel deducing your identity from the content of your review and contacting you directly.
==========
• Social media providers when you access certain social media features through our Online Services, you will share information with the social media provider (such as Facebook).
The information you share will be governed by the social media provider's privacy policy (including any data we may access via the social media provider).
Social media providers should inform you about how you can modify your privacy settings on their site.If you connect your Expedia.com account to a social media provider, such as through “Facebook Connect,” we may make available to that social media provider the information related to your use of our Services, such as our rewards and loyalty program or the reviews you post on our Online Services.Social media providers may provide settings that allow you to request that the social media provider disable such sharing of information and other privacy choices.
==========
• Any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your interests or those of any other person;• When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our company or this website, our customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements;• In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
In the case of any acquisition, we will inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy; or• Any others with your consent to the disclosure.On occasion, we may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors.
For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations.How do we use your information?We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes supporting you and our business uses, including to:• fulfill the transactions that you make, such as booking a hotel;• provide you with travel confirmations and important travel updates for your upcoming trip (via channels such as email, SMS, and/or push messages);• verify your identity for fraud prevention purposes;• manage your account, including processing payments;• communicate with you in general, particularly if there is a change to your booking; • provide customer services related to your booking or to respond to any inquiry you make;• measure interest in and improve our products, services, and website functionality;• notify you about special offers, coupons, sweepstakes and travel-related products and services that may be of interest to you.
You may receive these through various channels, including by email, SMS, push messages, post mail, or telephone, or via advertisements on third-party sites, including through social media;• otherwise customize your experience with this website or App;• reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join (whether this is our program or that of a third party);• obtain information from you, including through feedback you give or surveys you complete;• carry out statistical analysis about the use of our website and Apps and the services we offer to improve each aspect of what we do;• protect our rights as a company, including as to our intellectual property, for example;• resolve disputes, collect fees, or troubleshoot problems;• prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; • enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements; and• as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at the information provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.How do we protect your personal information?We want you to feel confident about using our Online Services to make travel arrangements, and we are committed to taking appropriate steps designed to protect the information we collect.
==========
While no Online Services can guarantee absolute security, we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you.International data transfersThe personal information we collect, or is collected on our behalf, may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you reside.
These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
While such information is outside of your country of residence, it is subject to laws of such other countries, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such countrySpecifically, the servers of our Online Services are located in the US, and our group companies and third party service providers operate around the world.
==========
This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy ShieldsWe have self-certified compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the European Union and Switzerland.
We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfers, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Principles and to view our certification, please visit here.We will only process personal information in ways that are compatible with the purposes outlined above in this Privacy Policy (or those you later authorize).
Before using your personal information for materially different purposes or disclosing it to independent third parties, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out.
Further choices and means you have for limiting the use and disclosure of your personal information are set out in the “Your information choices” section belowAs explained in this Privacy Policy, we may provide your personal information to third parties who perform services on our behalf.
==========
If we transfer personal information received under the Privacy Shield to a third party agent or service provider and they process your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, we will remain liable under the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.You may have the right to access personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the Privacy Shields.If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information under the Privacy Shields, you should first contact us at privacy@expedia.com and we will respond to your inquiry promptly.
If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve your complaint, or we fail to acknowledge your complaint in a timely fashion, we have further committed to cooperate and comply with the panel of European data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner in the resolution of any Privacy Shield complaints.
Individuals may also have the opportunity under certain conditions to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding the Privacy Shield not resolved by the above mechanisms.
See here for additional information about binding arbitration.For purposes of enforcing compliance with the Privacy Shield frameworks, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission.Your information choicesYou can access or update certain contact information in the Account section of our Online Services.
==========
You can request to de-activate your account at any time by contacting us through the contact information listed at the bottom of this policy.
After you de-activate an account, you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information.
However, you can open a new account at any time.If you have other questions about your information, please contact us at the information listed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.Display of Tailored AdvertisingData collected by us on this website to serve you with relevant advertising.
==========
We are committed to providing you with relevant content and information.
To do this, we may, through cookies and other technologies used on this website, collect information about you, such as your travel related searches and whether you are looking for flights or hotels.
We may use this information, together with other information we have collected about you from other sources, to serve you with more relevant ads on our website, across the internet, and on other devices that you may use.
So, for example, if you search for a property in London on this site, you may see an ad for a London travel package on this site or on another website you visit.You can choose not to receive tailored online advertising from us on other websites, based on your activities on this website and learn more about many of the ways you can opt out of having your information used for tailored advertising purposes by accessing one of the following resources:•http://www.youronlinechoices•http://youradchoices.ca/choices/•http://www.aboutads.info/choices/•http://optout.networkadvertising.org/Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads, you will still see online advertisements, but they will be more general and less relevant to you.Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising.
We may allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies.
These third parties include (1) business partners, who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites; and (2) advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements or tracking mechanisms they place on many different websites on the Internet.
The information gathered by these third parties is used for example to make predictions about your characteristics, interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests.Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies.
==========
To learn more, please click here and here.Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites with which the browser communicates.
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.
Participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization that is addressing this issue are in the process of determining what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals.
We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
==========
If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.Changes to This Notice and How to Contact UsUpdates to this Privacy PolicyChanges to this Privacy Policy will be made when required in response to changing legal, technical or business developments.
When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make, and in accordance with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.If you have any questions about changes to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the information below.How to contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information and information within this policy, please contact us via the Privacy Section on our customer services portal here.
==========
