Privacy Statement
Bayer is aware that the security of your private information from the use of our website is an important concern.
We take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
Therefore we would like you to know what data we maintain and what data we discard.
With this privacy statement, we would like to inform you about our security measures.Collection of dataYou can use our website without disclosing your personal data.
==========
You are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our site, except as may be necessary to provide you a product or service at your request.
When you use our website, we store data on our servers for various security purposes.
This data may include the name of your Internet service provider, the website that you used to link to our site, the websites that you visit from our site and your IP address.
This data could possibly lead to your identification, but we do not use it to do so.
We do use the data from time to time for statistical purposes, but maintain the anonymity of each individual user so that the person cannot be identified.
==========
In cases when personal data is provided to others to provide you products or services you have requested, or for other purposes you have authorized, we rely on technical and organizational means to assure that applicable data security regulations are followed.Collection and processing of personal dataWe collect personal data only when you provide it to us, through registration, completion of forms or e-mails, as part of an order for products or services, inquiries or requests about materials being ordered and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide the information.The database and its contents remain at our company and stay with data processors or servers acting on our behalf and responsible to us.
Your personal data will not be passed on by us or by our agents for use by third parties in any form whatsoever, unless we have obtained your consent or are legally required to do so.We will retain control of and responsibility for the use of any personal data you disclose to us.
Some of this data may be stored or processed in computers located in other jurisdictions, such as the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live.
In such cases, we will ensure that appropriate protections are in place to require the data processor in that country to maintain protections on the data that are equivalent to those that apply in the country in which you live.
Purposes of useThe data we collect will only be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested products or services or for other purposes for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law.Right of access and correctionYou have the right to review and amend any personal data stored in our system if you believe it may be out of date or incorrect.
Just send an e-mail to the address given in the imprint or contact the Data Security Officer at the address below.Right of cancellationYou have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data in the future.
Again, just send an e-mail to the address given in the imprint or contact the Data Security Officer at the address below.Data retentionWe only retain personal data for as long as is necessary for us to render a service you have requested or to which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law (e.g. in connection with pending litigation).
==========
Use of cookiesIn some websites, so-called cookies are used in order for us to improve the efficiency of your individual use of the website.
Cookies are identifiers that our webserver could send to your computer in order to identify the computer being used for the duration of the session.
Most browsers are set up to accept these cookies automatically.
In addition, you can deactivate the storing of cookies or adjust your browser to inform you before the cookie is stored on your computer.SecurityBayer uses technical and organizational security precautions to protect your data from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons.
Any personal data that is provided to Bayer by you will be encrypted in transit to prevent its possible misuse by third parties.
==========
Our security procedures are continuously revised based on new technological developments.ChildrenIn light of the importance of protecting children's privacy, we do not collect, process or use on our website any information relating to an individual whom we know to be under 13 years old without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her legal representative.
Such legal representative has the right, upon request, to view the information provided by the child and/or to require that it be deleted.ContactsPlease contact the Data Security Officer of Bayer AG with any problems, questions or suggestions that you may have.
The constant development of the internet requires occasional adjustments to our privacy statement.
We retain the right to make changes when necessary.Corporate Data Protection Officer, Bayer AG:Rainer Meyer, Bldg. 4813, D-51368 LeverkusenPhone: +49 (0)214 30 2 05 22
Fax:   +49 (0) 214 30 2 03 46
E-mail: cor30bd3028fb5941a6972e9587aa87956b.privacy@693b4171812941f18942f8b0b707aaa6bayer-ag.de






Search
==========
