Privacy at the DINGIT Network
Using the DINGIT service comprises transmitting any data over the Internet through the servers and the IP addresses of the DINGIT server network by means of the DINGIT software application.
Personally Identifiable Information
DingIt does not track, collect or store any personally identifiable information at the servers on the DINGIT server network.
Collection and Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
DingIt does not cache, log, collect, store, aggregate and use any information whatsoever about user’s Internet activities through the servers on the DINGIT server network.
Cookies and Other Technologies, Spyware Protection at the DINGIT Server Network
DingIt does not use cookies of other technologies on any of the DINGIT servers.
All DINGIT servers are secured with Linux hardening, firewalls, anti-spam software, anti-virus and anti DDOS attack software to prevent third parties from maliciously attacking the DINGIT server network.
We maintain our servers and network to provide the best possible privacy.
Disclosure to Third Parties
DingIt does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any information to any third party.
Privacy at the DingIt.tv website
We are absolutely committed to safeguarding our users’ privacy, particularly when you visit the DINGIT web site – DingIt.tv.
==========
Collection of Personally Identifying Information
Personally identifying information is any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or work address, credit card credentials, email address or other contact information.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy we also treat visitors’ Internet Protocol (IP) addresses as personally identifying information.
You may access content at the DingIt.com web site without registration and without providing any personally identifiable information.
When you contact our support by email, we collect and store your email address.
This data is stored on secure servers and destroyed after 7 days unless you become a subscriber (see below).
We don’t collect any personally identifiable information when you participate in one of our online survey.
==========
When you sign up for DINGIT free trial or paid service, we collect and store the email address you choose to provide us with.
This data together with your DINGIT software activation license number is stored in our customer management system on one of our secure servers.
We use Avangate to securely process online payments.
As you are sent to Avangate’s hosted sites, we do not collect or store your name, address, billing address or credit card credentials.
Use of Personally Identifying Information
The personal information you provide us with when contact our support by email helps us to return answers to your support inquiries directly to your mail box.
The email address you provide us with when you sign up for DINGIT free viewing or DINGIT paid services is used to send you your individual DINGIT software activation license number.
The email address you provide us with together with your DINGIT software activation license number is what identifies your DINGIT account.
The email address you provide us with also allows us to keep you posted on our latest service announcements, software updates, latest deals and promotions as well as helps us to improve our service, site content, and advertising.
==========
If you don’t want to be on our mailing list by unsubscribing in the footer of an email from us.
The email address you provide us with when you sign up for DINGIT free or paid services may also be used by us to send you important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Because this information is important to you as a DINGIT user, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
DingIt uses the information that you provide or that we collect from or about you: to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the DingIt Service; to improve your experience with the DingIt Service by delivering content which we hope you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests or rewards programs; and as necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or other similar legal obligations around the world.
We will use your email address for administrative communications such as notifying you of major DingIt Service updates, for customer service purposes, to address copyright infringement or defamation issues, or to contact you regarding any content that you have posted to or downloaded from the DingIt Service.
DingIt may periodically send promotional materials or notifications to you related to the DingIt Service.
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Collection and Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally Identifiable Information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.
User-provided Information: You may provide to DingIt what is generally called “personal information” in the USA and elsewhere or “personal data” in the European Union (such as your name, email address, postal mailing address, home/mobile telephone number, credit card number and billing information) if you register for a DingIt Service, or upload, purchase, view or download certain content or products from the DingIt Service, enter contests or sweepstakes, or otherwise use the features and functionality of the DingIt Service.
==========
As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in our website’s log files for 30 days.
This information is non-personally identifiable, and includes website visitors’ general geographical location, browser type and language, referring and exit pages, operating system, date stamp, and click-stream data.
With the help of Google’s Analytics Service we automatically aggregate and use this information to better understand and analyze on-site browsing trends, to administer the site and to learn which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest.
==========
This aggregated data is considered non-personally identifiable information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
We do not combine visitors’ non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information in any way.
Information from Other Sources: We may obtain information, including personal information, from third parties and sources other than the DingIt Service, such as advertisers or social media networks for which you have approved our access to information (e.g., information from your Facebook account provided by the Facebook APIs).
When you access the DingIt Service through social media networks or when you connect a DingIt Service to social media networks, you are authorizing DingIt to collect, store and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also obtain information from third parties such as social entertainment platforms regarding your use of such services, including about your use of the content you choose to broadcast through the DingIt Service.
If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information that we collect through the DingIt Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
==========
On-website Cookies and Other Technologies
The DINGIT website, email messages and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons.
These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our website people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
All information collected by cookies and other technologies is aggregated and is treated as non-personally unidentifiable information.
DINGIT also uses cookies and other technologies to remember information when you use our website.
Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with DINGIT more convenient.
If you want to disable cookies go to your Browser’s security preferences and disable cookies.
On a mobile device, go to the Cookies section in Settings or Preferences.
For specific browsers, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies.
==========
Please note that certain features of the DINGIT website may not be available when cookies are disabled.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the DINGIT website.
When customers click one of these URLs, they may pass through a separate DINGIT web server before arriving at the destination page on our website.
We gather this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications.
If you prefer click-through data not to be collected in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened.
We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
==========
DingIt may use “Automatically Collected” information and “Cookies” information to maintain and improve the DingIt Service, including to do the following things: (a) automatically update the DingIt application on your system; (b) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you access the DingIt Service; (c) provide customized third-party advertisements, content and information; (d) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns; (e) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages accessed; and (f) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
We may use third-party Web analytics services on our site, such as those of Google Analytics.
These service providers use a variety of tracking technologies such as cookies to analyze how users use the DingIt Service.
The information collected will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of the DingIt Service.
==========
To learn about opting out of Google Analytics, please  click here.
DingIt may allow advertisers, third-party advertising networks and third-party advertising serving companies to serve advertisements directly to you within the DingIt Service and other DingIt sites, services and software.
By serving these advertisements directly to you, these companies can set their own cookies on your computer and trigger their own Web beacons and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements, and to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in personalizing the advertising content delivered to you.
DingIt does not provide your personal information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent.
However, please note that if an advertiser asks DingIt to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, males age 15 to 18) or audience segment (for example, males age 15 to 18 who have participated in certain promotions) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience that they were trying to reach.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the tracking technologies and activities of, those other advertisers, third-party advertising networks, or third-party advertising servers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these advertisers, third-party advertising networks, or third-party advertising servers.
==========
Spyware and Malware Protection
DINGIT Ltd. does not and will not distribute any kind of spyware, adware, or malware with or as part of any of its services and products.
All DINGIT Ltd. services products are regularly independently tested by third parties and are guaranteed free from any kind of such spyware, adware, or malware.
DingIt uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical measures designed to protect the integrity and security of your personal information.
==========
However, no security precautions or systems can be completely secure.
We cannot therefore ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to DingIt, and you do so at your own risk.
We cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
==========
Disclosure to Third Parties
DINGIT Ltd. does not forward, sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any user information – personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable – collected at our web site or forwarded to us by our independent contractors, service providers, or consultants, including email lists, to any third party.
Please be aware, however, that any personal information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion of the DingIt Service – such as when you publish content, comments or profile information – becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by others.
If you connect to a third party service (such as Facebook or Twitter) through an icon or link on the DingIt Service or otherwise link your DingIt account with a third party service, we may share the contents of your post and associated information (such as your user name, the fact that your connection originated from the DingIt Service, and other relevant usage and diagnostic information) with such third party.
With your one-time consent, we may also send information about the content you watch and your activities on the DingIt Service to such third parties.
Once such information is shared, the use of your information will be subject to that service's privacy policy and this Privacy Policy will not apply.
DingIt may disclose Automatically Collected and other aggregate non-personal information with interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, or other functionality of DingIt.
DingIt may make both personal and non-personal information available to subsidiaries and affiliated companies that are under common ownership or control within the DingIt family.
==========
DingIt may disclose User information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with US state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law) or other applicable laws around the world (for example, in the country of your residence); or respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant in the manner legally required by the requesting entity.
DingIt also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe, in good faith and after making reasonable enquiries, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability to DingIt; protect DingIt from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations to protect the security or integrity of the DingIt Service; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of DingIt, our Users, or others.
We will notify you of these disclosures if we reasonably think we can do so legally and without harming the purpose of the disclosure.
==========
For Users visiting the DingIt Service from the European Economic Area or other non-U.S. territories, please note that any data you enter into the DingIt Service will be transferred outside the European Economic Area or those other non-U.S. territories for use by DingIt and its affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
In addition, because DingIt operates globally, we may make information we gather available to worldwide business units and affiliates under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
By providing any data on the DingIt Service, you hereby expressly consent to such transfers of your data to the United States or other countries, except in the case of data transfers from the European Economic Area or Switzerland, which are covered under our EU-US and Swiss-US Safe Harbor Certifications detailed below.
==========
For Users from outside the US, Switzerland or the European Economic Area, please note that laws in the US may not provide the same level of protection for information (which Users provide to DingIt or which DingIt collects from Users in connection with the DingIt Service) as the laws of the User's country of residence.
Protection of Information Collected at the DINGIT website
DINGIT takes administrative, technical, and physical precautions to safeguard website’s visitors’ personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information against loss, theft, unauthorized access, misuse, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
DINGIT online checkout pages, My Account pages and the support portal use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is collected.
To benefit from SSL encryption of your personal information transmitted over the Internet on these pages, you must use an SSL-enabled browser.
Correction or Deletion of Information Collected at the DINGIT website
For personal information collected at the DINGIT website, we make good faith efforts to accommodate requests that we correct your data if it is inaccurate or delete your data if DINGIT is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
==========
Information correction or deletion requests can be made through support@dingit.tv.
DINGIT Commitment to Your Privacy
To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all DINGIT employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
DINGIT Privacy Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about DINGIT Privacy Policy, please contact us through support@dingit.tv.
DINGIT may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we change the policy in a significant way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
==========
