Adobe Systems Incorporated (our U.S. company) complies with the U.S.–E.U. Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.–Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland.
Adobe Systems Incorporated has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the certification for Adobe Systems Incorporated, visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor.
==========
Please also see information for non-U.S. users for additional information.
This Adobe Safe Harbor Privacy Policy describes how we handle personal information collected by Adobe subsidiaries, our corporate customers, and other business partners located in the European Economic Area (the EEA), which is then transferred to Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States.
This Safe Harbor Privacy Policy supplements the Adobe Privacy Policy.
In addition, as part of the provision of Adobe websites, applications, services, and support, Adobe Systems Incorporated may transfer your personal data to the following locations outside the European Union:
• Adobe Systems Canada Inc. in Canada (to assist with customer care and support)
• Adobe Systems India Private Limited in India (to assist with operating Adobe’s websites, applications, services, and support)
• TPUSA Group Companies in the Philippines and India (to assist with customer care and support)
• Teleperformance S.A. in Argentina (to assist with customer care and support)
• 24seven in India (to assist with customer care and support)
Personal information
Adobe Systems Incorporated may receive personal information from Adobe subsidiaries (see list of Adobe entities [click "Office Locations" tab] and our acquired companies), our corporate customers, and other business partners in the EEA, such as name, email address, company name, title, postal address, telephone number, and preferences regarding our applications and websites.
Any personal information sent to us may be used by Adobe Systems Incorporated and its subsidiaries and their agents and business partners for the purposes described at the time the information was collected.
If you agree to receive email or telephone marketing from us, personal information we receive will also be used for those purposes, as described in the Adobe Privacy Policy.
If we plan to use personal information for a purpose that is incompatible with these purposes or if we plan to disclose personal information to a kind of company not described here, we will seek your consent to such uses or disclosures.
Agents and service providers
Adobe Systems Incorporated works with several companies to help us deliver our services to you on our behalf.
These companies provide services such as offering customer support, processing credit card payments, and sending emails on our behalf.
In some cases, these companies will have access to some of your personal information in order to provide services to you on our behalf.
They are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes.
Adobe Systems Incorporated requires that its agents and service providers that have access to personal information received by Adobe Systems Incorporated from the EU or Switzerland subscribe to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, be subject to the EU Privacy Directive or another adequacy finding, or enter into a written agreement that requires them to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the relevant Safe Harbor Principles.
==========
Security
Adobe Systems Incorporated uses reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from loss; misuse; or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Data integrity
Adobe Systems Incorporated takes reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current by using the most recent information provided to us.
==========
Accessing and updating your information
You can review, update, or delete your personal information.
If you contact us with a request for access to your personal information, we will respond within 30 days.
==========
Questions or concerns
As part of our participation in the Safe Harbor program, Adobe Systems Incorporated has agreed to TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to our compliance with the Safe Harbor privacy frameworks.
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor program you should first contact us.
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet, fax to 415-520-3420, or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. (click for mailing address).
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of the company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company.
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, visit the TRUSTe feedback page or request this information from TRUSTe by fax or mail as indicated above.
Changes or updates
This policy may be changed from time to time as permitted under the Safe Harbor Program.
Learn more.
==========
