June 2008
Note: This privacy policy applies to the Mozilla.org Web sites and services.
We have a separate privacy policy for our products and for some Mozilla.com web properties.
Please see for example: Mozilla Firefox Privacy Policy.
Website Visitors
Except as described below, the Mozilla Foundation ("Mozilla") does not collect or require visitors to its Web sites to furnish personally-identifying information such as names, email addresses and phone numbers.
Like most Web site operators, Mozilla collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preferences, referring site, and date and time of each visitor request.
Mozilla also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, which are non-personally identifying in and of themselves but could be used in conjunction with other information to personally identify users.
Mozilla's purpose in collecting this information is to better understand how Mozilla's visitors use its Web sites.
To that end, Mozilla may share potentially personally-identifying information with its employees, contractors, and its subsidiaries and related organizations.
Mozilla may also release non-personally-identifying information about visitors (e.g., by publishing a report on Web site usage trends).
Otherwise, Mozilla will not publicly release potentially personally-identifying information except under the same circumstances as Mozilla releases personally-identifying information.
Those circumstances are explained below.
==========
Community Members
Certain members of the Mozilla community (contributors, customers, etc.) choose to interact with Mozilla in ways that require Mozilla and others to know more about them.
The amount and type of information that Mozilla gathers from those members depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, members who wish to post content to certain portions of Moz
==========
