Legal Terms

The operator of this website respects the intellectual property rights of others and has no bad faith intentions to "cybersquat" trademarks or confusingly similar business names.
The domain name associated with this website is believed to be merely generic or descriptive in nature.
The domain name is not for sale to any individual or company with trademark rights, or their agent, for the respective word or phrase.
This domain name is also not for sale to any competitor of such trademark holder, or their agent.
Any offer to sell a domain is immediately void if the buyer is one of the previously mentioned persons.
==========
If you believe you have legitimate trademark or other legally recognized rights in the domain name associated with this web site, please send us notice via email at: tmnotice@whoisprivacyprotect.com.
Your notice must include all of the following information: 

The electronic or physical signature of the rights holder in the trademark or the person authorized to act on behalf of that person;
Identification of the trademark or other right that you claim has been infringed;
An identification of the specific domain name that is claimed to be infringing;
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the domain name by the operator of this web site is not authorized by the trademark rights holder, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in your notice is accurate and a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the rights holder or are authorized to act on the behalf of the rights holder; and
Any documents or information showing your exclusive rights to use the trademark claimed to be infringed (including, but not limited to, any government issued trademark documentation or any license agreements).
The operator of this web site may access, preserve and disclose to third parties any of your information or data (including personally identifiable information and private communications) related to a written notice of trademark infringement if it believes in its sole discretion that such access, preservation, or disclosure is necessary or useful to respond to or otherwise address such notice.
==========
Privacy Policy

Cookies.
Third parties may be placing or reading "cookies" on your web browser.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable its systems to recognize your browser.
These cookies are persistent, identifying cookies that remember your information and link your activities to you.
While you can take steps to warn off, block or disable these cookies, if you do, this website may not function and appear as it is designed.
Nonetheless, if you want to take these steps, you can do so by following the instructions associated with your browser.
These cookies collect information such as the following:

the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and the Internet address of the site from which you direct-linked to ours;
the date and time you access the website and pages you visit;
your computer's IP address and information about its operating system, platform and the web browser type and version you use;
demographic and other non-personally identifiable profile information about you; and
information to combat fraud or misuse

Collection of Information by Third Parties.
==========
This website may include third-party advertising, links to other websites, and other content from third party businesses.
The content posted by these parties will be reasonably identifiable as coming from a third party.
The operator of this website may share non-personally identifiable (e.g., demographic) information to facilitate delivery of relevant advertisements.
These third-party websites, businesses, and advertisers, or advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to deliver (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize or optimize advertising content.
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites or businesses are not covered by this Privacy Policy but are covered by their respective privacy policies.
Some, but not all, third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology.
For more information and an identification of advertisers that provide an opt-out mechanism, please click the following: www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
==========
