PRIVACY POLICY
June 2018
Adledge, accredited Ads Verifier business helps to achieve safer and more visible ad campaign between advertiser and publisher combining viewability, brand safety and fraud monitoring solutions.
The Adledge Privacy Policy is intended to help users understand how their Personal Data are collected and used.
Through this Policy, we want to transparently inform you and build trust between users, us, our clients and our partners.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data collected and processed:

when you visit our Website adledge.com
when you access your Client Portal
through the viewability, brand safety and fraud monitoring Solutions.
==========
DEFINITIONS
“HTTP Cookie”: small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user’s terminal by the user’s web browser while the user is browsing websites
“Personal Data”: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person
“Online advertising impression”: advertisement or any other form of digital media that renders on a user screen.
“Loi Informatique et Libertés”: ACT N°78-17 OF 6 JANUARY 1978 on information technology, data files and civil liberties
“GDPR”: Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) (Text with EEA relevance)
“Tag”: code snippet supporting the Adledge technologies and loaded by the browser synchronously to the webpage Ads.
“Invalid traffic”: also referred to as non-human traffic (NHT), is generated by non-human processes such as bots, spiders, crawlers or headers.
Our Website and the Client Portal
 
DATA COLLECTION
In order to use some of the services we provide through our website or client portal, you may provide us with personal data like your email address or name.
INFORMATION USE
We use the personal data you provide us through our contact form or when you subscribe to our newsletter on our website with your consent to provide you the requested information or support.
The client portal uses your personal data with your consent to provide you with authentication and communication services as one of our solutions user.
Your contact personal data is stored as long as you are subscribed to our services and deleted after a 3 years inactivity period.
==========
INFORMATION USE
We use the personal data you provide us through our contact form or when you subscribe to our newsletter on our website with your consent to provide you the requested information or support.
The client portal uses your personal data with your consent to provide you with authentication and communication services as one of our solutions user.
Your contact personal data is stored as long as you are subscribed to our services and deleted after a 3 years inactivity period.
==========
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF DATA
Adledge does not use or share your personal contact data for any other purpose than offering you the services you are subscribed to.
COOKIES
Our Website and Client Portal use HTTP Cookies to collect information about you.
To know more about the way we use cookies, please read our Cookie Policy
Our Solutions
 
DATA COLLECTION
To provide the Ad-verification service, Adledge uses data collected from media impressions tracking on websites where the Adledge technology is being run.
Adledge neither uses HTTP Cookies nor collects direct personally identifying data or sensitive personal data or any personal data explicitly targeting children.
Adledge collects some information about the user to a website and their behavior using tags.
Those are initiated during media load on the webpage.
The information collected are as follows:

Technical information relative to the user network: IP address, operating system, browser type, …
Contextual information : urls, page content, page layout, …
User action-based data on impressions to provide impression metrics.
INFORMATION USE
Adledge, along with its clients and partners uses personal data for its own legitimate interest and the wider legitimate interest of the advertising industry with due respect to interests and rights of the individuals.
==========
Personal data are used to:

Provide aggregated and anonymous reports, studies, analysis relative to performance of advertising campaigns
Classify Brand safety on media impression
Control Invalid Traffic

Collected data will be saved and exploited for a maximum period of 365 days.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF DATA
Adledge does not share personal data collected during its activities with other companies, third-parties or individuals except in the case that the following conditions are applied:

In the case of a judicial or administrative authority request,
In order to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security and technical issues,
In order to protect against harms to the rights, property or safety of Adledge,
In order to inform anti-fraud institutions of Invalid Traffic that may be considered harmful to the advertising industry.
Your Security
Adledge ensures that the use of personal data as well as the use of data from partners and/or clients follows the Loi Informatique et Libertés and the GDPR.
In that way, Adledge implements technical protection measures such as data minimization, anonymization, access control and organisational security measures with an Information Security Management System and a Data Protection Officer.
Your rights
For more information about user data confidentiality or if you want to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data or restriction of processing or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability, please contact the Adledge team via the company contact form.
==========
