Effective Date: December 17, 2015
Thank you for choosing a Hyundai vehicle.
Your privacy is important to Hyundai Motor America (“Hyundai,” “we,” “us” or “our”) and its affiliates.
At Hyundai, we are continually developing technologies and services to make our vehicles safer, more environmentally friendly, more convenient and more fun to drive.
Some of these technologies and services collect, use or share information that is collected, generated, recorded or stored by our Hyundai vehicles (“Technologies and Services”).
Your Hyundai vehicle may be equipped with one or more of these Technologies and Services.
Hyundai has created this Vehicle Owner Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, use and share the following types of information related to these Technologies and Services (“Covered Information”):
Information that vehicles collect, generate, record or store in electronic form, which is retrieved from the vehicle by us or on our behalf, and which is linked or reasonably linkable to (a) the vehicle from which the information was retrieved, (b) the owner of the vehicle or (c) the registered user of Technologies and Services; and
Information that you may provide during the subscription or registration process for Technologies and Services.
This Privacy Policy explains:
The types of Covered Information we may collect
How we may use Covered Information
How we may share Covered Information
Choices that vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies and Services have regarding their Covered Information
How vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies and Services may access, review and correct their Covered Information
How to contact us with questions about the collection, use and sharing of Covered Information
CONSENT AND INCORPORATION
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
By using the Technologies and Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and any terms and conditions of use that may be applicable to such Technologies and Services and consent to our collection, use and sharing of your Covered Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE APPLICABLE TERMS OF USE, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE TECHNOLOGIES AND SERVICES.
==========
OVERVIEW AND SCOPE
Hyundai Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to Covered Information.
We also operate the hyundaiusa.com and myhyundai.com websites, as well as certain other Hyundai websites (such as hyundaicertified.com), which collect other types of information.
We use a separate privacy policy to explain our privacy practices related to those websites or the information collected by those websites.
That means this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected on those Hyundai websites unless such information is Covered Information.
You may provide us with Covered Information through one of our websites when, for example, you provide information to us during the registration process for certain Technologies and Services, such as Blue Link®, on myhyundai.com.
You can review the privacy policy for the Hyundai websites here.
Blue Link®
Blue Link® (including the Blue Link® related apps) is one of our Technologies and Services that collects, uses and shares Covered Information.
We have included general information about our privacy practices related to Blue Link® in this Privacy Policy.
We also maintain a separate Blue Link® Service Subscriber Privacy Policy that provides more detailed information about our collection, use and sharing of Covered Information through our Blue Link® service.
If you use Blue Link®, we encourage you to read the Blue Link® Service Subscriber Privacy Policy so that you can get a complete picture of our Blue Link® privacy practices.
The Blue Link® Service Subscriber Privacy Policy can be accessed here.
With respect to the Blue Link® service, the terms of the Blue Link® Service Subscriber Privacy Policy are incorporated into and made a part of this Privacy Policy by this reference.
==========
Third Party Products and Services
As a convenience to our vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies and Services, we may offer the ability to use certain third party products and services, such as your mobile phone, mobile applications, with your vehicle.
For example, these third party products and services may include data services through your mobile phone carrier, Android Auto and Apple® CarPlay.
These third party products and services are not owned or controlled by Hyundai and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the third parties that provide such products and services or the terms and conditions under which they offer such products.
You use such third party products and services at your own risk.
If you choose to use such third party products and services, we strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties to make sure they are acceptable to you.
==========
THE TYPES OF COVERED INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
We collect Covered Information when you use, subscribe to, or register for, Technologies and Services.
The Technologies and Services available on Hyundai vehicles include Blue Link®, navigation technologies, telematics system used with our Tucson Fuel Cell vehicle and vehicle diagnostic tools.
Subscription and Registration Information
Certain Technologies and Services require you to register or subscribe prior to use.
When you subscribe to or register for Technologies and Services, we may collect Covered Information, including:
First name
Last name
Home Address
Email address
Telephone number
Work Address
Credit card number (solely for payment purposes)
Password
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN)
Vehicle usage information
Information Collected by the Technologies and Services
When you use the Technologies and Services, we may collect Covered Information collected, generated, recorded or stored by the Hyundai vehicle, including:
Information about your vehicle, such as:
    ○  VIN
    ○  Model
    ○  Model year
    ○  Engine type
    ○  Service data
    ○  Mechanical condition
    ○  Incidents involving vehicle
Diagnostic data, such as:
    ○  Trouble codes
    ○  Freeze frame data
    ○  Tire pressure
    ○  Battery voltage
    ○  Coolant temperature
    ○  Oil temperature
    ○  Service requirements
Eco-related driving performance data per trip, such as:
    ○  MPG
    ○  Vehicle greenhouse gas emissions
Information about your use of the Technologies and Services, such as:
    ○  Customer chosen points of interest for navigation
    ○  Search content
    ○  Information about individuals making a Blue Link call from vehicle or subscriber account
    ○  Date, time and duration of calls
Information about use of your vehicle, such as:
    ○  Direction of travel
    ○  Time of travel
    ○  Odometer reading
    ○  Fuel level
    ○  Refuel indication
    ○  Date of refuel activity
    ○  EV Battery Status – Charge Level, range, charging status
Geolocation and Driver Behavior Information
IN ADDITION TO THE COVERED INFORMATION SPECIFIED ABOVE, OUR BLUE LINK®, NAVIGATION TECHNOLOGIES AND TUCSON FUEL CELL TELEMATICS SYSTEM MAY COLLECT GEOLOCATION AND DRIVER BEHAVIOR INFORMATION.
==========
DRIVER BEHAVIOR INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OUR TECHNOLOGIES AND SERVICES INCLUDES VEHICLE SPEED, AVERAGE RPM, CRUISE CONTROL STATUS AND SEATBELT STATUS, BUT DOES NOT INCLUDE INFORMATION THAT IS USED ONLY FOR SAFETY, DIAGNOSTICS, WARRANTY, MAINTENANCE OR COMPLIANCE PURPOSES.
WE WILL ONLY COLLECT, USE AND SHARE COVERED INFORMATION THAT CONSTITUTES GEOLOCATION AND DRIVER BEHAVIOR INFORMATION AS STATED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
HOW WE MAY USE COVERED INFORMATION
We will only use and share Covered Information in ways that are consistent with the context in which the Covered Information was collected and are committed to making reasonable and responsible use of Covered Information.
==========
We may use Covered Information:
As reasonably necessary to provide requested services
To respond to a possible emergency or other situation requiring urgent attention
To conduct research or analysis for Technologies and Services, vehicles, vehicle safety and security
To diagnose or troubleshoot vehicle systems
For our operational purposes
To prevent fraud and criminal activity or to safeguard Covered Information associated with vehicle owners or their vehicles
To improve products and services or develop new offerings associated with Technologies and Services, vehicles, vehicle safety, security, or transportation infrastructure
To provide you with notices about your account and subscriptions
To communicate with vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies and Services, including to provide vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies with information about goods and services that may be of interest to them
To protect the safety, property, or rights of Hyundai, vehicle owners or others
In any other way we may describe to you when you provide Covered Information
For any other purpose with your consent
HOW WE MAY SHARE COVERED INFORMATION
We may disclose Covered Information as follows:
To Our Service Providers
We share Covered Information with our third party service providers and other third parties we use to support our business, including our third party service providers that help us provide you with the Technologies and Services.
Our agreements with these service providers require them to use your Covered Information only as necessary to assist us.
To Defend Our Rights or Comply with the Law
We reserve the right to disclose your Covered Information based on the good faith belief that such action is necessary or appropriate to: (a) comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; and (c) protect the rights, property or safety of Hyundai, our affiliates, our customers or others.
==========
In the Event of a Change of Control
In the event that Hyundai is involved in a transaction such as a merger, stock purchase or sale, or sale of the Hyundai assets to which the Covered Information pertains, Covered Information may be transferred to the other party in such transaction.
The party to which the Covered Information is transferred will be required to adhere to the same privacy practices as those described in this Privacy Policy.
With Our Affiliate Companies
To our parent company, subsidiaries, dealers, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your Covered Information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
==========
Independent Vehicle Repair and Service Providers
We may share Covered Information collected by the diagnostic tools with independent repair business you choose to provide you with repair, maintenance and other services related to your vehicle.
In Aggregate Form
We may aggregate Covered Information so that does not identify any individual or vehicle.
We may share such aggregate information for any lawful purpose without restriction.
With Your Consent
Other than the cases above, we won’t disclose your Covered Information for any purpose unless you consent to it in some way, including by your continued use after notice.
==========
SECURITY OF YOUR COVERED INFORMATION
We employ industry standard data security measures designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of Covered Information.
However, the security of Covered Information transmitted through wireless carriers or the Internet cannot be guaranteed.
We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications transmitted through wireless carriers or the Internet or for changes to or losses of data.
Users of the Technologies and Services are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to the Technologies and Services.
In order to protect you and your Covered Information, we may suspend your use of any of the Technologies and Services, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.
==========
We will retain Covered Information in accordance with our record retention policies and applicable law.
Note that after the applicable retention period expires, Covered Information may be deleted and may not be retrievable.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
You can decline to subscribe to or use Technologies and Services such as Blue Link® (by not subscribing), the Tucson Fuel Cell vehicle telematics system (by selecting a different Hyundai vehicle) and the navigation technologies (by not using them).
We do not allow you to “turn off” the collection of Covered Information by the diagnostic tools.
==========
This is so that we and our affiliates, our independent dealers and others who you may choose to service your Hyundai vehicle can access the diagnostic data to provide appropriate repair, maintenance and other safety-related services.
If you decline to subscribe to or use any Technologies or Services, those Technologies and Services will not collect Covered Information.
Please note, however, that if you decline to subscribe to or use any Technologies or Services, those Technologies and Services will be unavailable to you.
==========
Hyundai offers you the opportunity to opt-out from receiving promotional email or mail from Hyundai about our products and services.
For information on how to opt-out of the Hyundai Blue Link® services, please see the Blue Link® Subscriber Privacy Policy here.
For email, you may opt-out at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism within the email.
The unsubscribe mechanism allows you to manage your subscription preferences to email alerts and special offers.
Notwithstanding the above, this mechanism does not allow you to opt-out of receiving transactional email, such as registration confirmation, vehicle updates and responses to direct requests.
==========
For calls or direct mail, you may opt out at consumeraffairs@hmausa.com or by calling (800) 633-5151.
If the information you have provided will be available to third parties for marketing purposes, you will also be given the opportunity to opt-out from this practice at consumeraffairs@hmausa.com or by calling (800) 633-5151.
You also may write to us directly if you wish to: (a) ask that we not share your Covered Information with third parties for marketing purposes; or (b) opt out or request that we cease sending you promotional or other information via calls, mail or email.
==========
Such written requests should be sent to Hyundai Motor America/Phoenix, P.O. Box 83835, Phoenix, AZ 85071-3835.
If you have opted out of receiving future emails from us, we will implement your opt-out request within ten (10) business days of receiving the opt-out request.
If you have opted out of receiving future promotional materials by regular mail, we will implement your opt-out request within a commercially reasonable time.
In those instances, we will retain your information in a “do not promote” file in our database, and you will receive no further communications from us as required by law.
HOW TO ACCESS, REVIEW AND CORRECT YOUR COVERED INFORMATION
You may access, review and correct your Technologies and Services subscription and account information, as well as certain other Covered Information, at any time by emailing, calling or writing us at the address below or by updating your Covered Information directly on the “My Account” page of myhyundai.com.
For Blue Link® services, you may also press the Blue Link® button in your vehicle and speak to a Blue Link® agent at any time.
==========
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as Senate Bill 27, or “Shine the Light” law California residents with whom we have an established business relationship are entitled to request and receive, free of charge, once per calendar year, a copy of Hyundai’s California Information Sharing Disclosure Notice about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses in the previous calendar year.
You may call (800) 633-5151 or email us at consumeraffairs@hmausa.com to request a copy.
We will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response.
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” law requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
==========
EFFECTIVE DATE AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is set forth at the top of this page.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the changes here so please come back and review this Privacy Policy regularly.
We will take reasonable steps to alert vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies and Services prior to changing the collection, use or sharing practices associated with Covered Information in ways that have a material impact on vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies and Services.
If the new practices involve using Covered Information in a materially different manner than when the Covered Information was collected, we will obtain the consent of vehicle owners and registered users of Technologies and Services to the new practices.
==========
CLASS ACTION WAIVER
You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis and may not bring and expressly waive bringing a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action.
Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
All matters relating to the Technologies and Services are governed by the laws of the State of California in the United States irrespective of its conflicts of laws provisions.
In the event that Hyundai wishes to pursue legal action against you, it may bring such legal action in any federal or state court having jurisdiction.
Lawsuits against Hyundai must be brought in federal or state court in Orange County, California.
HOW TO CONTACT US WITH QUESTIONS
Please email us at consumeraffairs@hmausa.com, call us at (800) 633-5151, or write us at Hyundai Motor America/Phoenix, P.O. Box 83835, Phoenix, AZ 85071-3835 if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
==========
