隐私政策更新（日期：2020年12月21日）
              

引言
Introduction


腾讯严格遵守法律法规，遵循以下隐私保护原则，为您提供更加安全、可靠的服务：
Tencent adheres to the following privacy protection
                  principles and is committed to
                  providing you with more secure and reliable service:







1、安全可靠：
1.
Security Safeguard and Reliance:


我们竭尽全力通过合理有效的信息安全技术及管理流程，防止您的信息泄露、损毁、丢失。
We try our best to prevent your information from
                      breach, damage or loss via effective
                      and reasonable information security technology and administrative
                      process;




2、自主选择：
2.
Choice:


我们为您提供便利的信息管理选项，以便您做出合适的选择，管理您的
                      。
                    
We provide you convenient privacy management
                      options so that you may make proper
                      choices to control or manage your privacy;




3、保护通信秘密：
3.
Protection of
                      Communication Secret:


我们严格遵照法律法规，保护您的通信秘密，为您提供安全的通信服务。
We will strictly protect your communication
                      secrets in compliance with the applicable
                      laws and regulations;




4、合理必要：
4.
==========
Reasonableness
                      and Necessity:


为了向您和其他用户提供更好的服务，我们仅收集必要的信息。
We will collect necessary data so that we can
                      provide you and other users with better
                      service in order to achieve products' functions;




5、清晰透明：
5.
Transparency:


我们努力使用简明易懂的表述，向您介绍隐私政策，以便您清晰地了解我们的信息处理方式。
We endeavor to introduce our privacy policy in an
                      easy and straightforward way and
                      help you better understand our information process practice;




6、将隐私保护融入产品设计：
6.
Integrate
                      Privacy PBD Principle with Tencent’s
                      Product Designs:


我们严格遵照法律法规，保护您的通信秘密，为您提供安全的通信服务。
We take legal, product, design and other elements
                      into considerations of every aspect
                      of our product and service development, to integrate with Privacy
                      PBD Principle, in order to carry out the
                      methodology of Tencent PBD Privacy Protection.
本《隐私政策》主要向您说明：
This Privacy Policy mainly explains:




我们收集哪些信息
What information we collect.
我们收集信息的用途
How we use that information.
您所享有的权利
Your Rights.
希望您仔细阅读《隐私政策》（以下简称“本政策”），详细了解我们对信息的收集、使用方式，以便您更好地了解我们的服务并作出适当的选择。
We hope that you will read this Privacy Policy (this
                  "Privacy Policy") to understand
                  how we collect and use information in order for you to further understand
                  our services and to make
                  appropriate selections.
==========
若您使用腾讯服务，即表示您认同我们在本政策中所述内容。除另有约定外，本政策所用术语与《腾讯服务协议》中的术语具有相同的涵义。
By using Tencent service, you agree to the contents
                  contained in this policy.
Unless
                  otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this privacy policy shall have
                  the same meanings as those
                  defined in the Tencent Service Agreement.
如您有问题，请联系我们。
Should you have any queries, please contact
                  us.
我们收集的信息
Information We Collect


我们根据合法、正当、必要的原则，仅收集实现产品功能所必要的
                  。
                
Based on the principle of lawfulness, fairness and
                  necessity, we will only collect the
                  following
                  
                  that
                  is necessary for the purpose of
                  achieving the product's function.
==========
您在使用我们服务时主动提供的信息
Information you provide to us




·
您在注册帐户时填写的信息
Information you provide to us when registering an
                      account.
例如，您在注册QQ、微信帐户时所填写的昵称、手机号码。
For example, the nickname and phone number
                      provided by you when registering a QQ or
                      WeChat account.
·
您在使用服务时上传的信息
Information you upload whilst using our
                      services.
例如，您在使用QQ、微信时，上传的头像、分享的照片。
For example, your uploaded profile picture and
                      pictures shared whilst using QQ or
                      WeChat.
·
您通过我们的客服或参加我们举办的活动时所提交的信息
Information provided by you via our customer
                      service or whilst participating in our
                      activities.
例如，您参与我们线上活动时填写的调查问卷中可能包含您的姓名、电话、家庭地址等信息。
For example, the questionnaire you completed when
                      participating in our online
                      activities may include your name, contact number, home address or
                      other related information.
==========
我们的部分服务可能需要您提供特定的个人敏感信息来实现特定功能。若您选择不提供该类信息，则可能无法正常使用服务中的特定功能，但不影响您使用服务中的其他功能。若您主动提供您的
                      ，
                      即表示您同意我们按本政策所述目的和方式来处理您的个人敏感信息。
                    
Some of our service may need you to provide your
                      selected
                      ，
                      to achieve specific functions.
If you
                      choose not
                      to provide such information, you may not be able to use specific
                      functions in the service, but it will not
                      affect the usage of other functions.
If you provide your sensitive
                      information for us voluntarily, you
                      agree that we process your Personal Sensitive Information in
                      accordance with the purposes and methods
                      provided in this policy.
我们在您使用服务时获取的信息
Information we may collect when you use our
                  services




·
日志信息。当您使用我们的服务时，我们可能会自动收集相关信息并存储为服务日志信息。
Server Logs.We
                      may automatically
                          collect and store relevant information as the service log
                      when you use our services.
==========
1)
设备信息
Device Information


例如，
                                
                                型号、操作系统版本、
                                
                                、电池、信号强度等信息。
For example, device model,
                                  operating system version, unique device identifier
                                  ("UDID"), battery, signal strength, and other
                                  information.
2)
软件信息
Software Information


例如，软件的版本号、浏览器类型。为确保操作环境的安全或提供服务所需，我们会收集有关您使用的移动应用和其他软件的信息。
For example, software version and browser
                                  type.
To ensure the security of the
                                  operating environment or to provide the necessary services,
                                  we will collect information in relation to
                                  your usage of mobile applications and other
                                  softwares.
4)
服务日志信息
Service Logs


例如，您在使用我们服务时搜索、查看的信息、服务故障信息、引荐网址等信息。
For example, information collected when
                                  you use our services to search or view,
                                  crash logs information, recommended sites and other
                                  information.
5)
通讯日志信息
Communication Logs


例如，您在使用我们服务时曾经通讯的账户、通讯时间和时长。
For example, the accounts you communicated
                                  with, the time and period when you use
                                  our communication services.
==========
·
位置信息
Location data


当您使用与位置有关的服务时，我们可能会记录您设备所在的位置信息，以便为您提供相关服务。
We may collect location data of your device when
                      you use the location-related
                      services, in order to provide relevant service for you.
在您使用服务时，我们可能会通过
                      
                      、
                      
                      、WLAN（如
                      
                      )或
                      
                      等途径获取您的地理位置信息;
We may collect your geographic location data via
                      IP
                          address, GPS, WLAN(Wi-Fi),
                      or base station when
                      you use the services;


您或其他用户在使用服务时提供的信息中可能包含您所在地理位置信息，例如您提供的帐号信息中可能包含的您所在地区信息，您或其他人共享的照片包含的地理标记信息。
Geographic location data provided by you or by
                      other users when using the services.
For example, the location data detailed in your account, or
                      geographical indications contained in photos
                      shared by you or other users.
·
其他相关信息
Other relevant information


为了帮助您更好地使用我们的产品或服务，我们会收集相关信息。例如，我们收集的好友列表、群列表信息、声纹特征值信息。为确保您使用我们服务时能与您认识的人进行联系，如您选择开启导入通讯录功能，我们可能对您联系人的姓名和电话号码进行加密，并仅收集加密后的信息。
For you to better use our product or service, we
                      will collect relevant information,
                      for example, the friends list, group list information, and voice
                      print.
Also, if you choose to turn on
                      "import contacts" feature we will encrypt name and phone number of
                      your contacts and collect encrypted
                      information in order to connect you with people you know who also
                      use our service.
其他用户分享的信息中含有您的信息
Your information contained in the information shared by
                  other users.
例如，其他用户发布的照片或分享的视频中可能包含您的信息。
For example, photos or videos published by other
                  users may contain your information.
==========
从第三方合作伙伴获取的信息
Information from third-party partners.
我们可能会获得您在使用第三方合作伙伴服务时所产生或分享的信息。例如，您使用微信或QQ帐户登录第三方合作伙伴服务时，我们会获得您登录第三方合作伙伴服务的名称、登录时间，方便您进行授权管理。请您仔细阅读第三方合作伙伴服务的用户协议或隐私政策。
We may have cooperation with third-party partners.
Therefore, we may obtain the
                  information that is shared or generated when you use a third-party
                  service.
For example, when you log in a
                  third-party service with your WeChat or QQ account, we will know the
                  name of such service and your log-in
                  time so that it will be convenient for you to manage the
                  authorization.
Please read the third-party
                  service user agreement or privacy policy carefully.
我们如何使用收集的信息
How We Use the Information We Collect


我们严格遵守法律法规的规定及与用户的约定，将收集的信息用于以下用途。若我们超出以下用途使用您的信息，我们将再次向您进行说明，并征得您的同意。
Subject to applicable laws and regulations or agreements
                  with users, we may use the
                  collected information in the following ways.
If we use your information for
                  purposes beyond the following
                  purposes, we will explain to you again and ask for consent.
向您提供服务
To provide you with our services.
满足您的个性化需求
To meet your personal needs.
例如，语言设定、位置设定、个性化的帮助服务。
For example, language settings, location settings
                  and other personalized services.
==========
安全保障
To ensure security.
例如，我们会将您的信息用于身份验证、安全防范、反诈骗监测、存档备份、客户的安全服务等用途。例如，您下载或安装的安全软件会对恶意程序或病毒进行检测，或为您识别诈骗信息。
For example, we will use your information for
                  identity authentication, safety
                  precautions, anti-fraud monitoring, storage and backup, customer
                  safety service and other applications.
For example, the safety software downloaded or installed by you will
                  detect malicious programs or viruses,
                  or identify fraudulent information.
==========
向您推荐您可能感兴趣的广告、资讯等
To recommend ads, news etc. that you may be
                  interested in to you.
评估、改善我们的广告投放和其他促销及推广活动的效果
To evaluate and improve the effect of ads and
                  other promotions in our services.
管理软件
To manage software.
例如，进行软件认证、软件升级等。
For example, software certification and software
                  updates, etc.
==========
邀请您参与有关我们服务的调查
To include your participation in survey activities
                  about our product and services.
为了让您有更好的体验、改善我们的服务或经您同意的其他用途，在符合相关法律法规的前提下，我们可能将通过某些服务所收集的信息用于我们的其他服务。例如，将您在使用我们某项服务时的信息，用于另一项服务中向您展示个性化的内容或广告、用于用户研究分析与统计等服务。
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, in order to
                  provide you with a better user
                  experience and to improve our services, or upon your consent, we may apply
                  the information collected from
                  certain services to other services provided by us.
For instance, we may use
                  your information collected or
                  generated when you use our certain services to show you personalized content
                  or advertisement and for user
                  analysis and statistic service.
为了确保服务的安全，帮助我们更好地了解我们应用程序的运行情况，我们可能记录相关信息，例如，您使用应用程序的频率、故障信息、总体使用情况、性能数据以及应用程序的来源。我们不会将我们存储在分析软件中的信息与您在应用程序中提供的个人身份信息相结合。
To ensure the security of our services, and to help us
                  further understand the state of
                  performance of our applications, we may record relevant information, for
                  example, the frequency of your
                  usage, crash logs information, overall usage, performance data and source of
                  application.
We do not link the
                  information we store within the mobile analytics software to personally
                  identifiable information you submit
                  within the mobile application.
我们如何使用Cookie、标识符及相关技术
How We Use Cookies and Relevant Technologies


我们或我们的第三方合作伙伴，可能通过放置安全的Cookie、标识符及相关技术收集您的信息，以便为您提供更个性化的用户体验和服务。我们会严格要求第三方合作伙伴遵守本政策的相关规定。
We and our third party partners may collect your
                  information via safely inserted Cookie and relevant technologies, for the
                  purposes for
                  providing you with more personalized user experience and service.
We will
                  strictly require such third party
                  partners to observe relevant requirements of this policy.
您也可以通过浏览器设置管理Cookie。但请注意，如果停用Cookie，您可能无法享受最佳的服务体验，某些服务也可能无法正常使用。若您希望了解更多Cookie的安全性等信息，可参见《Cookie政策说明》。
You may set or mange Cookie via your browser settings.
But
                  please be noted that you may
                  not enjoy the best service experience and certain service may not be used if
                  you stop using Cookie.
If you
                  hope to learn more information about the security of Cookie, you may refer
                  to the Cookie Policy
                      Statement.
==========
您分享的信息
Information You Share


您可以通过我们的服务与您的好友、家人及其他用户分享您的相关信息。例如，您在微信朋友圈中公开分享的文字和照片。
Our services may allow you to share your relevant
                  information with your friends and
                  family and other users.
For example, you can share texts and pictures
                  publicly in your "WeChat Moments".
请注意，这其中可能包含您的个人身份信息、个人财产信息等敏感信息。请您谨慎考虑披露您的相关个人敏感信息。
Please be noted that such information may contain
                      sensitive information including your
                      personal identity information and personal property information.
Please
                      prudently consider disclosure of
                      your relevant personal sensitive information.
您可通过我们服务中的隐私设置来控制您分享信息的范围，也可通过服务中的设置或我们提供的指引删除您公开分享的信息。但请您注意，这些信息仍可能由其他用户或不受我们控制的非关联第三方独立地保存。
You may control the scope of information shared by you and
                  you may also delete the
                  information publicly shared using the service setting or according to our
                  guidance.
Please note such
                  information may still have been retained independently by other users or
                  unrelated third parties which we
                  are not able to control.
==========
您如何管理自己的信息
How to Manage Your Own Information


您可以在使用我们服务的过程中，访问、修改和删除您提供的注册信息和其他个人信息，也可按照通知指引与我们联系。您访问、修改和删除个人信息的范围和方式将取决于您使用的具体服务。
You may access, amend and delete information
                  provided by you during the registration
                  of your account or other personal information when using our
                  services, or contact us via the notice
                  guidelines.
The scope and the way in which you access, amend or
                  delete your personal information depend on
                  the service you use.
例如，若您在使用地理位置相关服务时，希望停止分享您的地理位置信息，您可通过手机定位关闭功能、软硬件服务商及通讯服务提供商的关闭方式停止分享，建议您仔细阅读相关指引。
For example, when using geographical related
                  service, to stop sharing your
                  geographical information, you can stop it by turning off cellphone
                  positioning function, or according to
                  methods provided by software and hardware service providers and
                  communication service providers.
Please
                  read relevant guidance carefully.
==========
我们将按照本政策所述，仅为实现我们产品或服务的功能，收集、使用您的信息。
We will collect and use your information only for
                  achieving the functions of our
                  products or services in accordance with this policy.
如您发现我们违反法律、行政法规的规定或者双方的约定收集、使用您的个人信息，您可以要求我们删除。
                
                如您发现我们收集、存储的您的个人信息有错误的，您也可以要求我们更正。
                
                请通过本政策列明的联系方式与我们联系。
              

                If you find that our collection or use of your
                                      personal information is not in
                                      accordance with the laws, administrative regulations or the
                                      agreement of both parties, you can require us
                                      to delete such information.
If you find that we have collected or stored your
                                      wrong personal information, you can
                                      also require us to correct it.
Please contact us via the
                                      contact details listed in this Privacy Policy.
==========
在您访问、修改和删除相关信息时，我们可能会要求您进行身份验证，以保障帐号的安全。
For account security purposes, we may ask you to
                  verify your identity before we allow
                  you to access, amend and delete relevant information.
请您理解，由于技术所限、法律或监管要求，我们可能无法满足您的所有要求，我们会在合理的期限内答复您的请求。
Please understand that due to technical
                  limitations, legal or regulatory
                  requirements, we may not be able to meet all your requests.
We
                  endeavor to respond to your requests within
                  a reasonable period of time.
==========
我们分享的信息
Information We Share


我们遵照法律法规的规定，对信息的分享进行严格的限制，例如：
We will strictly limit the sharing of information in
                  accordance with the laws and
                  regulations, for example:


经您事先同意，我们可能与第三方分享您的个人信息
We may share your personal information with a
                  third party other than our data
                  processors with your prior consent;


我们需要向第三方合作伙伴等，分享已经匿名化或去标识化处理后的信息，要求其严格遵守我们关于数据隐私保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、承诺书及相关数据处理政策进行处理，避免识别出个人身份，保障隐私安全。该等分享将主要用于以下用途：
For the purpose of external processing, we may
                  share your personal information with
                  third-party business partners (third-party service providers,
                  contractors, agents, advertising partners,
                  application developers etc., for example, the telecommunication
                  service providers who send out emails and
                  push notifications on our behalf, or the map service providers who
                  provide us with location service) (they
                  may not be located in your jurisdiction), and require them to follow
                  our instructions, the Privacy Policy
                  and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures to
                  process the above information for us and
                  for the purposes of:




·
向您提供我们的服务；
Providing you with our services;




·
实现“我们如何使用收集的信息”部分所述目的；
Implementing the purpose of the section
                      "How We Use the Information We Collect";




·
履行我们在《腾讯服务协议》或本政策中的义务和行使我们的权利；
Performing our obligations and excising
                      our rights as provided in the Tencent Service Agreement and this
                      Privacy Policy;




·
理解、维护和改善我们的服务。
Understanding, maintaining and improving
                      our services.
我们不会向合作伙伴分享可用于识别您个人身份的信息（例如您的姓名或电子邮件地址），除非您明确授权。
Should we share your personal information with
                  third parties mentioned above, we
                  will use encryption, anonymization or other means to protect your
                  information security.
随着我们业务的持续发展，当发生合并、收购、资产转让等交易导致向第三方分享您的个人信息时，我们将通过推送通知、公告等形式告知您相关情形，按照法律法规及不低于本政策所要求的标准继续保护或要求新的管理者继续保护您的个人信息。
With the development of our business, when
                  mergers, acquisitions, asset transfer or
                  other transactions happens, we will inform you of such circumstances
                  by pushing notifications or notices,
                  and continue to protect or require new controllers to continue to
                  protect your personal information in
                  accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and the standard
                  of protection which will not be lower
                  than that under this Privacy Policy.
==========
我们会将所收集到的信息用于大数据分析。
We may use the collected information for big data
                  analysis.
例如，我们将收集到的信息用于分析形成不包含任何个人信息的城市热力图或行业洞察报告。
For example, We may use collected information for
                  analysis to generate urban heat map
                  or industry insight report which contains no personal identifiable
                  information.
我们可能对外公开并与我们的合作伙伴分享经统计加工后不含身份识别内容的信息，用于了解用户如何使用我们服务或让公众了解我们服务的总体使用趋势。
We may make it public and share it with our
                  partners the post-processed information
                  that does not contain personal identifiable information, to
                  understand how users utilize our services or
                  to enable the public to better understand the overall use of our
                  services and other purposes.
我们可能基于以下目的披露您的个人信息
We may disclose your personal information due to
                  the following purposes:




·
遵守适用的法律法规等有关规定；
To comply with the applicabl laws and
                      regulations;




·
遵守法院判决、裁定或其他法律程序的规定；
To comply with court decisions, rulings or
                      requirements of other legal procedures;




·
遵守相关政府机关或其他法定授权组织的要求；
To comply with the requirements of
                      relevant government agencies or other relevant
                      legally authoritative entities;




·
我们有理由确信需要遵守法律法规等有关规定；
We have reasons to believe that we need to
                      comply with applicable laws and
                      regulations;




·
为执行相关服务协议或本政策、维护社会公共利益，为保护我们的客户、我们或我们的关联公司、其他用户或雇员的人身财产安全或其他合法权益合理且必要的用途。
Reasonable and necessary purposes to
                      implement relevant service agreements or this
                      Privacy Policy, or to protect public interest, personal
                      safety and property and other legitimate rights
                      of our clients, ourselves, our affiliates, our users or
                      employees.
我们可能向您发送的信息
Information We May Send to You



信息推送
Push notifications


您在使用我们的服务时，我们可能向您发送电子邮件、短信、资讯或推送通知。
您可以按照我们的相关提示，在设备上选择取消订阅。
When you use our services, we may send emails, text
                  messages, news or push
                  notifications to you.
==========
You may follow the relevant notice to unsubscribe on the
                  device.
与服务有关的公告
Service announcements


我们可能在必要时（例如，因系统维护而暂停某一项服务时）向您发出与服务有关的公告。
您可能无法取消这些与服务有关、性质不属于广告的公告。
We may send you announcements related to service if
                  necessary (for example, the
                  suspension of certain service due to system maintenance).
You may not be able to cancel these non-promotional
                  service-related announcements.
==========
存储信息的地点和期限
Place and Period of Information Retention



存储信息的地点
Where we store information


我们遵守法律法规的规定，将境内收集的用户个人信息存储于境内。
We will store users personal information collected within
                  mainland China within the
                  territory in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
存储信息的期限
Period of information retention


一般而言，我们仅为实现目的所必需的最短时间保留您的个人信息。但在下列情况下，我们有可能因需符合法律要求，更改个人信息的存储时间：
In general, we will retain your personal information in
                  the shortest possible time to
                  fulfill the purpose of collection of such information.
However, for the
                  following purposes, we may change
                  the retention period for the purposes of compliance:




·
为遵守适用的法律法规等有关规定；
To comply with the relevant laws and
                      regulations;




·
为遵守法院判决、裁定或其他法律程序的规定；
To comply with court decisions, rulings or
                      requirements of other legal procedures;




·
为遵守相关政府机关或法定授权组织的要求；
To comply with the requirements of relevant
                      government agencies or other legally
                      authoritative entities;




·
我们有理由确信需要遵守法律法规等有关规定；
We have reasons to believe that we need to comply
                      with applicable laws and
                      regulations;




·
为执行相关服务协议或本政策、维护社会公共利益，为保护们的客户、我们或我们的关联公司、其他用户或雇员的人身财产安全或其他合法权益所合理必需的用途。
Reasonable and necessary purposes to implement
                      relevant service agreements or this
                      Privacy Policy, or to protect public interest and to protect
                      personal safety and property and other
                      legitimate rights and interests of our clients, ourselves, our
                      affiliates, our users or employees.
当我们的产品或服务发生停止运营的情形时，我们将采取例如，推送通知、公告等形式通知您，并在合理的期限内删除或匿名化处理您的个人信息。
Should the operation of our products or service terminate,
                  we will inform you in the
                  form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete or anonymize
                  your personal information within a
                  reasonable period of time.
信息安全
Information Security


我们为您的信息提供相应的安全保障，以防止信息的丢失、不当使用、未经授权访问或披露。
We take security measures to protect your information
                  against loss, improper use,
                  unauthorized access or disclosure.
==========
我们严格遵守法律法规保护用户的通信秘密。
We will strictly protect users communication in
                  accordance with the applicable laws
                  and regulations.
我们将在合理的安全水平内使用各种安全保护措施以保障信息的安全。
We will work within the reasonable security
                  standards and use a variety of security
                  measures to protect the security of information.
例如，我们使用加密技术（例如，TLS、
                  
                  ）、匿名化处理等手段来保护您的个人信息。
For example, we will use encryption technologies
                  (such as TLS, SSL),
                  anonymization and other means to protect your personal
                  information.
我们建立专门的管理制度、流程和组织确保信息安全。
We have established a specialized management,
                  process and organization system to
                  ensure information security.
==========
例如，我们严格限制访问信息的人员范围，要求他们遵守保密义务，并进行审查。
For example, we strictly restrict the scope of
                  personnel who can access information,
                  and require them to comply with their confidentiality obligations
                  and conduct audits.
若发生个人信息泄露等安全事件，我们会启动应急预案，阻止安全事件扩大，并以推送通知、公告等形式告知您。
In the event of a breach of security incident of
                  personal information, we will
                  activate emergency response plan to prevent the expansion of such
                  security incident and inform you in the
                  form of push notifications, public announcements and etc.
广告
Advertisements


我们可能使用您的相关信息，在相关网站、应用及其他渠道向您提供与您更加相关的广告。您可以在关于广告页面中了解更多。
We may use your information to provide you with more
                  relevant advertisements on
                  relevant sites, apps, and other channels.
You can learn more at About
                      Our Advertising.
==========
未成年人保护
Protection of Minors


我们非常重视对未成年人个人信息的保护。
We attach great importance to the protection of personal
                  information of minors.
根据相关法律法规的规定，若您是18周岁以下的未成年人，在使用腾讯的服务前，应事先取得您的家长或法定监护人的同意。
In accordance with the relevant laws and
                  regulations, if you are a minor under 18
                  years old, you would be required to obtain you parents' or legal
                  guardian's consent prior to using Tencent
                  service.
我们有专门面向14周岁以下的儿童提供的产品或服务、产品或服务中包含专门面向儿童的功能板块，或者需要用户输入生日、年龄信息等能识别用户年龄的产品或服务。


如您注册或使用这类产品或服务，根据相关法律法规的规定，若您是14周岁以下的，在使用相关的产品或服务前，应当按照注册、使用流程，事先取得您的家长或法定监护人的同意，并由您的家长或法定监护人帮助您完成产品或服务注册流程，以便您能使用我们提供的产品或服务。


若您是儿童的监护人，当您在帮助儿童完成产品或服务的注册、使用前，应当仔细阅读本政策、产品具体的隐私保护指引（如有）和《儿童隐私保护声明》，决定是否同意本政策、产品具体的隐私保护指引（如有）和《儿童隐私保护声明》并帮助儿童进行注册、使用，以便儿童能使用我们提供的产品或服务。


如您对您所监护的儿童的个人信息保护有相关疑问或权利请求时，请通过《儿童隐私保护声明》中的第七部分中披露的联系方式与我们联系。我们会在合理的时间内处理并回复您。




适用范围
Application Scope


我们的所有服务均适用本政策。
All of our services are subject to this Privacy
                  Policy.
某些服务有其特定的隐私指引/声明，该特定隐私指引/声明更具体地说明我们在该服务中如何处理您的信息。
However, some services have their own specific
                  privacy guidance/statement, such
                  specific privacy guidance/statement describe how we process your
                  information in the service more
                  specifically.
如本政策与特定服务的隐私指引/声明有不一致之处，请以该特定隐私指引声明为准。
If this Privacy Policy is inconsistent with the
                  privacy guidance/statement of a
                  particular service, the privacy policy of that particular service
                  shall prevail.
==========
请您注意，本政策不适用由其他公司或个人提供的服务。
Please note this Privacy Policy is not applicable
                  to services provided by other
                  companies or individuals.
例如，您通过使用微信帐号登录其他公司或个人提供的服务。
For example, you may log in services provided by
                  other companies or individuals with
                  WeChat account.
您使用该等第三方服务须受其隐私政策（而非本政策）约束，您需要仔细阅读其政策内容。
Your use of such third-party services is subject
                  to the terms and privacy policy of
                  such third-party services (rather than this Privacy Policy), and you
                  need to read their privacy practice
                  carefully.
联系我们
Contact Us




                  Should you have any enquiries in relation to this
                  Privacy Policy or other related
                  matters, please contact us via https://kf.qq.com.
您也可根据我们提供的指引，填写相关资料，
                  将您的问题发送至 Dataprivacy@tencent.com
                

                  In accordance with the provided
                    guidelines, you may also complete the relevant details and
                  send your queries to
                  dataprivacy-kids@tencent.com,
                


或寄到如下地址：
or post it to the following mailing address:


地址：中国广东省深圳市南山区科技园科技中一路腾讯大厦法务部数据及隐私保护中心（收）
Address: Tencent Legal Department- Data & Privacy
                  Centre, Tencent Building, Science
                  and Technology Park Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
                  Province, China.
邮编：518057
Postcode: 518057


我们将尽快审核所涉问题，并在验证您的用户身份后的十五天内予以回复。
We will review your queries and reply within 15 days after
                  verifying your user
                  identity.
变更
Changes to Privacy Policy


我们可能适时修订本政策内容。
We may update and revise this Privacy Policy from time to
                  time,


如该等变更会导致您在本政策项下权利的实质减损，我们将在变更生效前，通过在页面显著位置提示、向您发送电子邮件等方式通知您。
and if such changes result in a substantial
                  impairment of your rights under this
                  Privacy policy, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail and by
                  reminding you at prominent place on the
                  webpage before the changes take effect.
在该种情况下，若您继续使用我们的服务，即表示同意受经修订的政策约束。
Under such circumstances, if you continue to use
                  our services, you will be deemed to
                  have agreed to be bound by the updated policy.
==========
其它
Additional Information


TrueDepth 不会私自记录FaceID等信息。
TrueDepth does not keep information such as FaceID without
                  proper authorization.
在天天P图使用视频拍摄功能，并应用AR变脸特效时，我们会使用TrueDepth
                  APIs，以达到更好的视觉效果。
TrueDepth APIs are used in the video shooting
                  feature of Pitu app, especially when
                  you apply the special effects of AR changing face feature.
在此过程中，仅使用TrueDepth APIs进行场景渲染。
TrueDepth APIs improve the vision effects by
                  conducting image rendering and it is the
                  sole use of TrueDepth APIs.
APIs使用不会收集用户Face信息。
The use of TrueDepth APIs does not collect and
                  share any user’s Face informationand
                  does not record any user’s Face information by any means including
                  but not limited to generating any cache
                  memory and uploading data to cloud, etc.
TrueDepth
                  APIs使用不会产生任何缓存到文件或上传到云端等其他任何记录用户Face信息的操作。


TrueDepth APIs使用不会分享用户Face信息。


过程中不会进行任何缓存到文件或上传到云端等其他任何记录用户Face信息的操作。
==========
