3.
Rules of Conduct
3.1 As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Service.
You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services and the activity of any sub-user that uses your access code or Account.
3.2 You agree that you will not transmit, distribute, post, store, link, or otherwise traffic in Content, information, software, or materials on or through the Service that (i) is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, offensive, profane, contains or depicts pornography that is unlawful, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion, (ii) you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate, (iii) constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, (iv) impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives, or (v) includes anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information.
==========
DigitalOcean may permit, in its sole discretion, adult websites that abide by state and federal law and regulation.
3.3 You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by us in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our (or our third party providers') infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on the Services; (iii) bypass, circumvent or attempt to bypass or circumvent any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Services); (iv) run any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services; (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to "crawl" or "spider" any page of the Website; (vi) harvest or scrape any Content from the Services; (vii) use the Services for high risk activities including but not limited to the operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, life support systems, or any other use where the failure of service could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage; or (viii) otherwise take any action in violation of our guidelines and policies.
3.4 You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services (including without limitation any application), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Services, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder.
You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
3.5 We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public.
==========
3.6 Subscribers are restricted from registering multiple Accounts with the same billing details without first notifying DigitalOcean of that intent.
Otherwise, DigitalOcean shall have the right to automatically flag such Accounts as fraudulent or abusive, and DigitalOcean may, without notification to the Subscriber of such Account, suspend the service of such Account or any other Account used by such Subscriber.
The use of referral codes by multiple Accounts having the same billing profile is not allowed.
DigitalOcean also reserves the right to terminate a Subscriber's Account if it is targeted by malicious activity from other parties.
3.7 As a reward for being early adopters of the Services, Subscribers with grandfathered Accounts shall receive free bandwidth for the duration that such Account is operative and conducts its operations in compliance with these Terms of Service ("Grandfathered Accounts").
The free bandwidth may only be used directly by the Subscriber of such Grandfathered Account.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subscribers of Grandfathered Accounts must NOT: (i) run Torrents for download or Seed Servers, TOR, or services that include content of an adult or pornographic nature; (ii) resell services through their Account to provide free bandwidth to other individuals; or (iii) transfer the Account ownership to another individual or entity, or otherwise circumvent the intended fair usage of free bandwidth by distributing it freely to others.
Failure of Subscribers of Grandfathered Accounts to follow these terms will result in the revocation of their Accounts' grandfathered status.
3.8 You may not use the Services to obtain information about or make decisions about anyone but yourself.
You are solely responsible for any reliance by you on the Services or other use you make of the Services.
==========
Comments, suggestions or materials sent or transmitted to DigitalOcean (collectively "Feedback"), shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
Subject to the conditions described in DigitalOcean's Privacy Policy, DigitalOcean shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to use and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation, including, but not limited to developing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.
DigitalOcean reserves the right to publish or use any responses, questions or comments emailed to DigitalOcean for promotional or other purposes without any further permission, notice or payment of any kind to the sender.
All such submissions will be the property of DigitalOcean.
3.9 The enumeration of violations in this Section 3 of these Terms of Service is not meant to be exclusive, and DigitalOcean provides notice hereby that it has and will exercise its authority to take whatever action is necessary to protect the Services, Subscribers, and third parties from acts that would be inimical to the purposes of this Section 3 of these Terms of Service.
==========
Lawful Use of the Network
3.10 In using the Services, Subscribers must comply with, and refrain from violations of, any right of any other person, entity, law, or contractual duty, including without limitation the laws of the United States and the laws of New York, and including without limitation those laws forbidding: (a) distribution of child pornography, (b) forgery, identity theft, misdirection or interference with electronic communications, (c) invasion of privacy, (d) unlawful sending of commercial electronic messages or other marketing or electronic communications, (e) collection of excessive user data from children, or other improper data collection activities, (f) securities violations, wire fraud, money laundering, or terrorist activities, or (f) false advertising, propagating or profiting from frauds and unfair schemes.
Subscribers will also comply with the affirmative requirements of law governing use of the Services, including but not limited to: (i) disclosure requirements, including those regarding notification of security breaches, (ii) records maintenance for regulated industries, and (iii) financial institution safeguards.
Agreed Use of Allotted Network Resources
3.11 Subscribers shall not use any method to circumvent the provisions of these Terms of Service, or to obtain Services in excess of those for which they contract with DigitalOcean.
Subscribers shall use only those IP addresses that are assigned to them by DigitalOcean, and shall not use any IP addresses outside of their assigned range.
Subscribers shall not use any mechanism to exceed the amount of resources assigned to them through the Services, or to conceal such activities.
Injurious Code
3.12 Subscribers may not use the Services to distribute, receive communications or data gleaned from, or execute any action directed by any type of injurious code, including but not limited to: (i) trojans, (ii) key loggers, (iii) viruses, (iv) malware, (v) botnets, (vi) denial of service attacks, (vii) flood or mail bombs, (viii) logic bombs, or (ix) other actions which DigitalOcean reserves the sole right to determine to be malicious in intent.
==========
Email Violations
3.13 Subscribers shall not send bulk email utilizing their resources on the Services unless they maintain a double-authorized list of subscribed members including IP addresses and relevant contact information, along with following guidelines for including removal links with all sent emails according to the such legislation.
Subscribers shall comply with all laws regarding the sending of commercial electronic messages or other marketing or electronic communications.
Subscribers are forbidden from taking any action that would result in their IP addresses, or any IP address associated with DigitalOcean or other Subscribers, being placed on the Spamhaus.org blacklist.
==========
DigitalOcean reserves the sole and absolute right to determine whether an email violation has occurred.
Invasion of Privacy, Defamation, or Harassment
3.14 Subscribers may not use the Services in a manner that would violate the lawful privacy rights of any person, or to publish or republish defamatory or libelous statements, or to harass or embarrass, which shall be determined in DigitalOcean's sole and absolute discretion.
Violation of Copyright, Trademark, Patent or Trade Secret
3.15 Subscribers may not use the Services in violation of the copyrights, trademarks, patents or trade secrets of third parties, nor shall they utilize the Services to publish such materials in a manner that would expose them to public view in violation of the law.
The provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") (as required under 17 U.S.C. ยง512) and all other applicable international trademark, copyright, patent or other intellectual property laws will apply to issues presented by allegations of copyright violations by third parties.
==========
DigitalOcean will, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of repeat violators.
If a third party believes that a Subscriber of DigitalOcean is violating its intellectual property rights, it should notify us by email at abuse@digitalocean.com.
A notification should include information reasonably sufficient to permit DigitalOcean to locate the allegedly infringing material, such as the IP address or URL of the specific online location where the alleged infringement is occurring.
Please see our DMCA Copyright Policy.
==========
Export
3.16 Subscriber shall comply with all applicable export and import control laws and regulations in its use of the Services, and, in particular, Subscriber shall not utilize the Services to export or re-export data or software without all required United States and foreign government licenses.
Subscriber assumes full legal responsibility for any access and use of the Services from outside the United States, with full understanding that the same may constitute export of technology and technical data that may implicate export regulations and/or require export license.
Should such a license be required, it shall be Subscriber's responsibility to obtain the same, at Subscriber's sole cost and expense, and in the event of any breach of this duty resulting in legal claims against DigitalOcean, Subscriber shall defend, indemnify and hold DigitalOcean harmless from all claims and damages arising therefrom.
==========
Acts of Sub-Users
3.17 Subscribers are responsible for the acts of others utilizing their access to the Services, and will be held responsible for violations of the Services by their sub-users or persons who gain access to the Services using the Subscriber's access codes.
Any activity that a Subscriber is prohibited from performing by these Terms of Services is equally prohibited to anyone using the access to the Services of the Subscriber.
Access Code Protection
3.18 Subscribers shall utilize proper security protocols, such as setting strong passwords and access control mechanisms, safeguarding access to all logins and passwords, and verifying the trustworthiness of persons who are entrusted with account access information.
Notification Regarding these Terms of Service
3.19 Subscribers shall notify all persons who receive access to the Services of the provisions of these Terms of Service, and shall inform them that the terms of these Terms of Service are binding upon them.
Remedial Action
3.20 Subscribers shall notify DigitalOcean if and when they learn of any security breaches regarding the Services, and shall aid in any investigation or legal action that is taken by authorities and/or DigitalOcean to cure the security breach.
==========
