The Information Sex.com Collects:
User Provided Information: You provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name, email and in some cases mailing address) to Sex.com
when choosing to participate in various activities on the Sex.com
Sites such as uploading videos, posting messages in our forums or in the photo/video comments section, entering contests or sweepstakes, taking advantage of promotions, responding to surveys, or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists.
Cookies Information: When you visit the Sex.com
Sites, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser.
Sex.com
uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser.
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions.
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some features of the Sex.com Sites may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information: When you use the Sex.com
Sites, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website.
These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
==========
The Way Sex.com Uses Information:
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Sex.com
Sites, then we use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Sex.com Sites.
Any personal information or photo/video content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others.
Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Users when you upload videos or send messages through the Sex.com Sites and other Users can contact you through messages and comments.
Any videos that you submit to the Sex.com Sites may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major Sex.com Site changes or for customer service purposes).
==========
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Sex.com Sites and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.
We use cookies and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sex.com Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
When Sex.com Discloses Information:
We provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf.
We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our privacy policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
==========
We do share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Sex.com Sites.
We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law) or respond to a court order,subpoena, or search warrant.
Sex.com also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that Sex.com believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our web site, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Sex.com, our Users or others.
==========
In connection with User Submissions, you further agree that you will not: POST, ALLOW ANOTHER TO POST OR BE IN ANY WAY INVOLVED IN THE POSTING OF ANY MATERIAL THAT DEPICTS OR IMPLIES PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18: no visual depictions of anyone under the age of 18.
This includes clothed or unclothed persons.
Sex.com does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Sex.com expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions.
Sex.com does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its Website, and Sex.com will remove all Content and User Submissions if properly notified that such Content or User Submission infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
Sex.com reserves the right to remove Content and User Submissions without prior notice.
Sex.com will also terminate a User's access to its Website, if they are determined to post underage persons.
While pornographic and adult content are accepted, Sex.com also reserves the right to decide whether Content or a User Submission is appropriate and complies with these Terms of Service for violations other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property law, such as, but not limited to, obscene or defamatory material, or excessive length.
Sex.com may remove such User Submissions and/or terminate a User's access for uploading such material in violation of these Terms of Service at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
==========
