Last Updated: May 9, 2014
Cookies and Similar Technologies on Foursquare
Does Foursquare Use Cookies?
As described in the section "What About Cookies and Similar Technologies" of our Privacy Policy, we and our agents use technologies like cookies, pixels, and local storage (like on your browser or device, which is similar to a cookie but holds more information) on our website, in our emails, and identifiers supplied by app platform companies within our apps to provide you with a range of products and services.
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device.
Pixels are small blocks of code on webpages and in emails that do things like allow another server to measure viewing of a webpage and often are used in connection with cookies.
Local storage is an industry-standard technology that allows a website or app to store and retrieve data on a person's computer, mobile phone or other device.
What are cookies and similar technologies used for?
==========
We and our agents use these technologies to do things like, make Foursquare's Services easier or faster to use, enable features and store information about you (including on your device or in your browser cache) and your use of the Services; monitor and understand the use of our products and services; and to protect you, others and Foursquare.
We and our agents use these technologies to deliver, understand and improve advertising to users of Foursquare's Services on behalf of Foursquare and others (such as for entities that have Foursquare's sponsored or promoted products) on the Foursquare's apps and websites and on other websites that you visit, based on your activity on the Services.
Foursquare uses cookies and similar technologies for a number of purposes, including:
Authentication – Foursquare uses cookies, local storage and similar technologies to recognize you if you are logged in to our Services, so that we can show you the right information, understand how you use the Services and personalize your experience.
Security – Foursquare uses cookies, local storage and similar technologies to support or enable security features we have deployed, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our Terms of Service.
Preferences, features and services – Foursquare uses cookies, local storage and similar technologies to know which language you prefer, what your communications preferences are, and in order to help you fill out forms on the Services.
Advertising - We may work with advertisers or other partners and advertising service providers like Turn and DoubleClick to serve ads or services to computers, mobile phones or other devices, which may use a cookie, pixel or other similar technology placed by Foursquare or the third party (although we would not share any other information that identifies you with an advertiser).
The placing of these cookies, pixels or other technologies on your device may enable you to be identified across multiple websites and you should consult the privacy policies of our advertisers, partners and advertising service providers to understand how they collect and use your data.
Performance, Analytics and Research – We sometimes use other service providers to help us provide certain products and services and to provide us information about use of the Services to improve the Services and make it appealing to as many users as possible.
For example, Foursquare uses third party analytics providers, like Google Analytics and Chartbeat, to better understand who is using the service and how people are using it.
As part of providing these services, these service providers may collect and store anonymous information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the website, IP address, and type of operating system used.
==========
Please read their privacy policies to ensure that you are comfortable with the manner in which they use cookies.
Can cookies be turned off?
Most web browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
For more information about cookies and how to refuse them, click here.
Also, Google has developed a web browser plugin to allow you to opt-out of Google Analytics' tracking software.
For information about how to opt out of receiving behavioral advertisements from our advertising partners, click here or click here.
Also, certain versions of the iOS operating system permit you to limit ad tracking in the system settings.
Additionally, you can opt-out of Foursquare serving behaviorally targeted ads outside of Foursquare's apps and websites in your account settings.
Please be aware that limiting the ability of websites to set cookies, however, may worsen your overall user experience, and in some cases the Services will not work properly without cookies, local storage and similar technologies.
==========
