(a) Registration Certain of the Service's offerings will be member based services.
If you decide to use member based services you will be required to register an account.
With respect to any such registration, we may refuse to grant you, and you may not use, a user name (or email address) or screen name that is already being used by someone else; that may be construed as impersonating another person; that belongs to another person; that violates the intellectual property or other rights of any person; that is offensive; or that we reject for any other reason in our sole discretion.When you register to use the Service, you will be required to provide certain information about yourself.
==========
You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information about yourself, and to update this information when it changes.
If you provide any information that is untrue or inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if CNBC suspects that your information is untrue or inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, CNBC may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your membership and refuse current or future access to the Service.
Any personally identifiable information supplied hereunder will be subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
==========
CNBC reserves the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time.After registering an account on the Service, you will be sent a confirmation email containing a link to the Service.
In order to activate your account, you must click on that link and log-in to the Service.
(b) Passwords Should CNBC provide to you a password, or should you select a password, that allows you to access certain parts of the Service, you will be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and your account information, and will be fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.
You agree that you will immediately notify CNBC of any unauthorized use of your password or account, or any other breach of security, and that you will log off the Service at the end of each session to prevent fraud on your account by third parties.
==========
(c) Rules for Use of the Service(1) Conduct Required for Use of the Service It is a condition of your use of the Service that you do not: (i) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service; (ii) post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable information of any kind, including without limitation, any images or other material depicting Nudity as herein defined; (iii) post or transmit comments containing harassing or offensive language, including sexual references, sexual nicknames, racial slurs, hate propaganda, hate mongering, swearing, or rude or deliberately offensive comments, or engage in disruptive activities online, including excessive use of scripts, sound waves, scrolling (repeating the same message over and over), or use of viruses, bots, robots, spiders, worms, Easter eggs, time bombs, spyware, Trojan horses or any other computer code, file, or program that is harmful or invasive or may or is intended to damage, interrupt, destroy, hijack or limit the functionality or the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment; (iv) post or transmit any information, software or other material that is fraudulent or tortious or that violates or infringes the rights of others, including material that violates privacy or publicity rights, or infringes copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder, including WAREZ (copyrighted material distributed without permission); (v) post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component; (vi) post or transmit content that encourages or provides instructional activities about illegal activities, in particular hacking, cracking or phreaking; (vii) post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes or that contains advertising, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," investment opportunities or any other forms of solicitations; (viii) solicit other users to join, become members of, or contribute money to any online service or other organization, advocate or attempt to get users to join in legal or illegal schemes or plan or participate in scams involving other users; (ix) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your professional or other affiliation with any person or entity; (x) resell, redistribute, broadcast or transfer the information or use the information derived from the Service in a searchable, machine-readable database; (xi) use the Service to collect personally identifying information about users of the Service in violation of our Privacy Policy; (xii) disguise a file type to thwart CNBC's detection processes; (xiii) post or transmit any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law; (xiv) attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems or networks connected to the Service, (xv) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Service or materials originating from the Service; or (xvi) frame or mirror any part of the Service without CNBC's express prior written consent.
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Nudity" shall include, without limitation, images depicting persons with unclothed genitalia or persons wearing transparent clothing over genitalia.
You agree that you will not use the Service, including the information provided therein and all related equipment, networks and network devices (specifically including Internet access) for any unlawful purpose.
CNBC, at its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine whether any information transmitted or received violates this provision.
You may not use any Material in connection with any site or other use that contains or is associated with information or content prohibited by this section.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement or under applicable law, you may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or reduce any portion of the Service to a human-readable form, or attempt to do any of the above.
In accordance with mandatory statutory rights, you may decompile any portion of the Service and use such decompiled portion if, and only to the extent that, such decompilation is necessary to obtain the information necessary for an independently created program to be interoperable with the relevant portion of the Service or with another program, and the information so obtained is not used for any other purpose; provided always that prior to such decompilation you have requested the relevant information in writing to CNBC and CNBC has not provided the information within one month of your written request.
==========
(2) MonitoringCNBC has no obligation to monitor the use of the Service by members.
You acknowledge and agree that CNBC reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information uploaded to this Service for operational or other purposes.
During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used for authorized purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Use of the Service constitutes consent to such monitoring.
==========
Furthermore, CNBC reserves the right at all times to refuse to post, alter or remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in CNBC's sole and absolute discretion are objectionable or in violation of this Agreement.
In addition, CNBC reserves the right at all times to disclose any information posted on any portion of the Service as necessary in order to operate the Service, to protect CNBC, its parent or subsidiary companies, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents and the Service's users, to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request or to enforce this Agreement.
(3) LicenseBy uploading files, inputting data, submitting content (including without limitation, comments to blogs, message boards, forums or other postings) or engaging in any other form of communication (a "Communication") through the Service you are granting CNBC a royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to (i) use, copy, sublicense (through multiple tiers), adapt, edit, modify, translate, reformat, distribute, transmit, publicly perform, display, reproduce or create derivative works from any such Communication in any form of media or technology now known or later developed or invented, and (ii) sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to such Communication.
No Communication shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of CNBC.
For each Communication, you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary for you to grant the license granted in this section, and that such Communication, and your provision thereof to and through the Service, complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
You further irrevocably waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding each Communication that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.
==========
(4) Content on the ServiceCommunications posted through the Service may be provided by users such as you who are unaffiliated with CNBC, and the user providing each such Communication is solely responsible for the content thereof.
This means that you, and not CNBC, are entirely responsible for all Communications that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit to or via the Service.
In using the Service or receiving e-mail messages from members through the Service, you should not assume that such messages have been reviewed by CNBC, that such Communications contain correct information, or that the persons posting such Communications have accurately identified themselves and/or their affiliation with any third party.
CNBC neither endorses nor is responsible for any opinion, advice, information or statements made in the Communications by third parties.
You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Communications that are offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Under no circumstances will CNBC be liable in any way for any Communication, including, but not limited to, liability for any errors or omissions in any Communication, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Communication posted, e-mailed, or otherwise transmitted via the Service.
The opinions expressed in the Communications reflect solely the opinions of the individuals who submitted such opinions, and may not reflect the opinions of CNBC.
(5) Personal SafetyWhen using the Service, please be certain that anything you say does not compromise your personal safety.
Do not provide your name, phone number, postal or e-mail address, your password, or any other personally identifying information to people you do not know.
Do not continue any conversation online that makes you feel uncomfortable.
Please note that CNBC has no control over, and shall have no liability for any damages resulting from, the use (including without limitation republication) or misuse by any third party of information voluntarily made public through any Communication or any other part of the Service.
==========
If you choose to make any of your personally identifiable or other information publicly available on the Service, you do so at your own risk.
(6) PostingsPortions of the Service may provide you and other users an opportunity to submit, post, display, transmit and/or exchange information, comments, ideas, opinions, photographs, images, video, creative works or other information, messages, transmissions or material to us, the Service or others ("Post" or "Postings").
Various sections of the Service may permit registered users to submit comments.
CNBC staff, in their sole discretion, may review, edit and shorten certain submitted Postings and/or select certain Postings to display.
==========
Postings may include one or more of the following: your screen name, first name, last name initial and state.
In some instances we may ask registered users how they would like to be identified in their Posting.By making a Posting, you are representing and warranting 1) that you are at least 18 years old and 2) that your comment does not violate the rights of any other person or entity.
You will not receive any compensation for your comment or for granting any of these rights.
CNBC is not obligated to use your comment.
For more detail on Postings, see Section 23.
==========
