Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy was last revised on August 22, 2018.
We, at Recreation.gov, have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you about how we handle it.
This privacy policy only applies to transactions made, and data gathered, on the Recreation.gov web site.
Please review this privacy policy periodically to check for revisions as we may update it from time to time.
==========
Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time.Personal and Other Information We May Collect"Personal Information"Personal Information is data and information that can identify you as an individual, either alone or when combined with other information for example:Contact Information (name and home address);Phone number if you opt in to receive text messagesEmailCredit or Debit Card NumberGeolocationBirthdate License plate numberIt is important to keep in mind, however, that we do not share or release personal information, credit card or financial information for use by other organizations.
"Other Information"Other Information is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual:Browser and device information;Application usage data;Information collected through cookies, and other technologies;Demographic information and other information provided by you;Aggregated information.Your IP AddressLike most e-commerce websites, each time you visit the Site, we may automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came.
In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we may use your IP address to help identify you, to gather broad demographic information about you and for other purposes.
==========
Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider.
An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Site, along with the time of the visit and the pages visited.
We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems, and administering the Site.
==========
We may also derive your approximate location from your IP addressCookiesLike most websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your purchases, reservations, physical location, information you submit and other activity on the Site and to enhance your experience on the Site.
We may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password, and to save other personal and financial information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site.
If you wish not to allow or accept these cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how.
However, if you set your browser not to allow or accept cookies, you may not be able to access certain features or areas on the Site.How Do I Manage CookiesUnless you have set your browser to automatically refuse them, cookies will be created on your system the second you visit our site.
You can refuse or accept cookies from the Site at any time by changing the settings on your browser.
Information on how to enable or disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider's website via the help menu.
You can also learn more about how to control and delete cookies here: https://www.aboutcookies.org.
==========
Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended, and your experience may be hampered or diminished.If you want to clear all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, here are three options of programs that will clean tracking cookies from your device:You can opt-out of having your anonymized browsing history within our Site by analytics cookies.
We use the following providers and you can learn more about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their analytics cookies below.Google Analytics:We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Site and report on activities and trends.
This Site may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.
You can learn about Google's practices by going to https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Device Fingerprinting:We may also use other technologies that are similar to cookies in order to best offer you content that will interest you based on prior activity on the Site, to better prevent fraud, and for authentication purposes.
==========
For example, we may gather device attributes and combine information collected by most browsers or automatically through your device to create a unique ID that identifies your browser or device to us with reasonable certainty.
In this context we may collect, use, and combine the following information:Number of visitsLast visitFirst visitExternal IP addressInternal IP addressScreen resolutionGeolocation (latitude/longitude based on IP address)Device performance benchmarkDevice bandwidth benchmarkDevice user-agent (browser type, version)Device capabilities (Modernizer string for browser capabilities)Device operating systemDevice plugins installedBrowser languageFlash enabled or disabledDevice time on fileKeywords used if coming from search enginePages visitedLength of visitReferral pageMouse cursor positionMouse clicksPage scroll positionPhysical Location:Site analytics will collect the physical location of your device, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower, or Wi-Fi signals.
This can be used to provide you with location-based services and content.Through Your Browser or Device:Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control address, computer type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version, referring URL, and the name and version of the Services (such as the mobile application) you are using.
==========
We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.htmlHow We Use Personal InformationWe and our service providers may use Personal Information for legitimate business purposes including:Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests.To provide the Site's functionality to you, such as arranging access to your registered account when searching for a campsite and providing you with related customer service.To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, when you contact us via one of our online contact forms or otherwise, for example, when you send us questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request a quote for or other information about our Site.To complete your transactions and provide you with related customer service.To send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies.We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship and/or to comply with a legal obligation.Providing you with our newsletter and / or other marketing materials and facilitating social sharing.To send you marketing related emails, with information about our Site, new products and other news from our partners.To facilitate social sharing functionality that you choose to use.Online surveys to receive feedback and comments.We will engage in this activity because we have a legitimate interest or with your consent (where required).
Analysis of Personal Information for business reporting and providing personalized services.To analyze or predict our users' preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our digital content is used, so we can improve our Site.To better understand you, so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests.To better understand your preferences so that we can deliver content via our Site that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you.We will provide personalized services either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest.Information We Do Not Share with OthersWe do not release personal information, credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
For both privacy and security purposes, all transactional information communicated between customers and our Web site is transmitted in an encrypted format, and all credit card information is stored in a highly secure computing environment.How We Use Demographic InformationWe use demographic information to tailor the Site and communications to the interests of our users.
We may share anonymous, aggregated (grouped) demographic information.
We will not share your personal information, financial information or public agency reservation information under this privacy policy.Links to Other SitesRegistered users may opt to receive links to other sites we think you will enjoy.
These sites operate independently of Recreation.gov and have established their own privacy and security policies.
For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.Secure ServerThis Site uses the latest technology to ensure your personal and payment information is handled with confidentiality and security.
==========
Any personal information you provide through this Site is encrypted through secure server technology using Secure Socket Layers (SSL).
Once encrypted, this information travels from your computer to our servers.
Only after your information reaches our servers, is your information decrypted and transferred to the Recreation One Stop (R1S) reservation system.
This technology ensures the security of your information.Third-Party Payment ProcessingPayments processed through this Site are done so by a third party pursuant to a contractual agreement.
Neither we nor our third-party payment processor release personal information, credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
==========
For both privacy and security purposes, all transactional information communicated between customers and our Site is transmitted in an encrypted format, and we do not store personal credit card information.JurisdictionThe Site is controlled and operated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, and other R1S participating agencies from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States.Updates to this Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy.
The "Last Updated" legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised.
Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site.
Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
==========
