Non-Personally Identifiable Consumer Data.
When Advertising.com’s network delivers advertisements to web surfers, we do not collect personally identifiable 	information regarding such individuals such as name, address, social security number or e-mail address.
We do, 	however, collect what is known as click stream data.
Click stream data includes information such as a web surfer’s 	IP address, web pages which have been viewed by a web surfer, date and time, domain type, and when a web surfer has 	responded to an advertisement (the “Click Stream Data”).
Web sites that Advertising.com owns, such as 	www.NetEzines.com, www.GetPaid4.com, www.Adbroadcast.com and www.adinbox.com may request and collect additional 	non-personally identifiable information about the web surfer through the registration process at those sites.
Examples of the non-personally identifiable data that may be requested includes age, gender, interests and 	income-range (the “Provided Anonymous Data”).
Neither the Click Stream Data nor the Provided Anonymous Data 	(collectively referred to as “Non-Personally Identifiable Data”), by itself, or together, can be tracked to a 	specific individual.
Web surfers may opt-out from providing such Non-Personally Identifiable Data by following the 	opt-out procedures set forth below.
The Non-Personally Identifiable Data that Advertising.com collects is used for internal marketing and sales efforts to better target advertisements and other content to web surfers in an effort to create a personally relevant internet experience for each web surfer.
The data is also used to predict behavioral responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different web surfers.
==========
The Non-Personally Identifiable Data may be shared with certain third party partners of Advertising.com on a blind basis (e.g., broad demographic information relating to Click Stream Data), but will never be provided to third parties in connection with personally-identifiable data or with any information which would allow a third party to directly link such information to a particular web surfer.
If a web surfer has elected to provide Advertising.com with personally-identifiable data and to allow Advertising.com to utilize such data for on-line marketing purposes, that data may be associated with the non-personally identifiable data to assist with targeting ads to that web surfer’s preferences and behaviors, and for other Advertising.com sales and marketing efforts.
But, as set forth below, such linked data will never be shared with any third party (except for administrative purposes) or made available to the public.
==========
Personally-Identifiable Consumer Data.
Advertising.com does not use any personally-identifiable data about a web surfer for targeting or tracking purposes without first receiving the web surfer’s consent.
Web sites that Advertising.com owns, such as www.NetEzines.com, www.GetPaid4.com, www.Adbroadcast.com and www.Adinbox.com, may, with the web surfer’s consent, request and collect personally-identifiable data about the web surfer through the registration process at those sites.
Examples of personally-identifiable data that may be requested include name, address, e-mail address, and social security number.
==========
Advertising.com is committed to making sure that clear notice and choice is provided to all web surfers before any personally-identifiable data is used for any purposes beyond administrative purposes (e.g., accounting and pay-out), for which such data is necessary.
Advertising.com will never request or collect data from a web surfer on subject areas including sexual orientation, political or religious affiliations, or medical data.
If a web surfer elects to provide Advertising.com with personally-identifiable data and voluntarily "opts-ins" to allow Advertising.com to use such data for on-line marketing purposes, the data may be associated with other data about the web surfer which is available from other sources, in order to tailor ads or messages to the web surfer.
Our goal in using this data is to provide a more personally significant internet experience for the web surfer.
All personally identifiable data provided by individual web surfers will be kept in strict confidence by Advertising.com and will be treated with the same level of respect and care that Advertising.com treats its other proprietary information and trade secrets.
Advertising.com will never sell, rent, exchange or barter any personally identifiable information to or with any third party for pecuniary gain or marketing purposes.
Advertising.com may, from time to time, provide such information to certain third-party administrative vendors for efficiency purposes in providing administrative services such as billing, delivery and pay-outs.
Any third-party vendor so used, will be required to enter into a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement with Advertising.com upon terms and conditions consistent with the policies set forth herein.
Security Precautions

Advertising.com makes every effort to maintain the security of its network and the data we collect.
Any data that is stored on Advertising.com’s server is treated as proprietary and confidential and is not available to the public.
==========
Advertising.com has a strict internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data, limiting access only to those employees who have a need to know such information for the purpose of effectively delivering Advertising.com products and services.
Non-Personally Identifiable Consumer Data - Use of Cookies - Opt-Out.
If a web surfer views an ad served by Advertising.com, they are assigned a unique number, known as a cookie, that is recorded and stored on their computer in their web browser’s cookie file.
If the web surfer subsequently visits a web site on which Advertising.com serves ads, Advertising.com reads the cookie to help target ads to that web surfer based on his or her interests.
Cookies do not harm web surfers computers.
Some of the things that cookies do include: help to ensure that ads are not repeated to web surfers, help advertisers learn how their web site is used, help advertisers gain knowledge to improve the look and feel of their web sites, and help advertisers learn which ads are most effective and appealing to web surfers.
==========
All of these things provide important insight that is used to provide a more enriching experience for the web surfing public.
If a web surfer has opted to allow Advertising.com to use personally-identifiable data, in some cases the cookie will help identify the web surfer to assist with delivering a relevant message to that web surfer.
If such authorization has not been provided, the cookie will not, in any way, be associated with any personal data about the web surfer.
While cookies are not essential to Advertising.com’s continued success, they do help us to reach several of our key goals, to provide a more fulfilling, results oriented experience on the web, reducing repetition of advertising and increasing the amount of relevant data viewed by web surfers.
A web surfer may choose to opt-out of receiving the benefits associated with our use of cookies at any time by following a simple procedure to manually delete his or her cookies.
Web surfers should refer to their respective browser’s user manual for instructions on taking such action.
==========
As for Provided Anonymous Data, such information is voluntarily provided by web surfers and need not be inputted to receive the services of the relevant Advertising.com product offering.
Personally Identifiable Consumer Data - Opt-Out

If a web surfer elects to provide Advertising.com with personally-identifiable data and voluntarily "opts-in" to allow Advertising.com to use such data for on-line marketing purposes he or she may "opt-out" of such election at any time by following the procedure applicable to the data collected.
Please refer to the privacy policies of www.NetEzines.com, www.GetPaid4.com, www.Adbroadcast.com and www.Adinbox.com, respectively, for opt-out procedures relating to information collected as part of those services.
Access to Data

Advertising.com allows web surfers who have voluntarily provided personally-identifiable data, access to their data to ensure that it is correct and to make any changes.
Please refer to the privacy policies of www.NetEzines.com, www.GetPaid4.com, www.Adbroadcast.com and www.Adinbox.com, respectively, for access procedures relating to information collected as part of those services.
==========
Children’s Privacy

Advertising.com is very sensitive to the issue of children’s privacy and makes every effort to protect the privacy of children surfing the web.
Advertising.com’s web sites, products, and services are not developed for or directed at children.
If you believe your child has provided Advertising.com with personally-identifiable data, or registered at one of Advertising.com’s web sites, and you would like to have them removed, please contact support@advertising.com.
A Special Note About the European Union

European Union web surfers understand and consent to the processing of personal information in the United States.
==========
Involvement with Industry Efforts

Advertising.com is committed to helping protect consumer privacy on the internet and actively monitors consumer privacy issues.
Further evidence of Advertising.com’s commitment to consumer privacy is our involvement with the following privacy advocacy groups:

The Online Privacy Alliance

Advertising.com is a corporate member of the Online Privacy Alliance.
The Online Privacy Alliance is a cross-industry group of more than 90 global companies and associations who have joined efforts to introduce and promote business-wide actions that create an environment of trust and foster the protection of individuals' privacy online.
For more information about the Online Privacy Alliance, please go to www.privacyalliance.org.
==========
TRUSTe

Advertising.com is a participant in  TRUSTe and fully supports their efforts.
Advertising.com’s privacy policy fully complies with TRUSTe’s requirements.
TRUSTe is a is an independent, non-profit privacy initiative dedicated to building users' trust and confidence on the Internet and accelerating growth of the Internet industry.
They have developed a third-party oversight "seal" program that seeks to alleviate users' concerns about online privacy, while meeting the specific business needs of each of our licensed Web sites.
The TRUSTe program is backed by a multi-faceted assurance process that establishes Web site credibility, thereby making users more comfortable when making online purchases or providing personal data.
For more information about TRUSTe, please go to www.truste.org.
Contacting Us


For more information or if you have questions or concerns regarding Advertising.com’s Privacy Statement, please send an e-mail to privacy@advertising.com or you can send correspondence to the following address:

Privacy
Advertising.com, Inc.
1010 Hull Street
Tide Building - 2nd Floor
Baltimore, Maryland  21230
==========
