Privacy Policy for iContact Account Holders
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is listed as being an account holder or (b) you have an existing business relationship with our account holder and have expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in").
How can you stop receiving email?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from the lists your are subscribed to, or to change your expressed interests.
If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
==========
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures such as encryption to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Data Definitions
We hold two types of data.
These are a) your personal account information and b) the data of subscribers who are on your lists ('subscriber data').
Sharing and Usage of Account Information
We will never share, sell, or rent your personal account information or subscriber data with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
Account Termination
Upon termination of your account, both your account data and subscriber data will be deleted.
Injunction Clause
If, for any reason, this policy is violated, you may obtain a legal injunction to prevent the exposure of your data.
Liability Limitation
In no case whatsoever will liability of the Company exceed the amount of monies paid for services nor with the Company be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages of any kind to any party.
Privacy Policy Changes
If this privacy policy changes in the future, all account holders will be notified of the change at least ten (10) days before it occurs and have the option to terminate his or her account and thus have their data removed from the system.
==========
