Introducing Sun's New Privacy Policy

January 7, 2009 -- Sun Microsystems, Inc. respects and protects your right to privacy.
In our continual quest for transparency and clarity in our data management practices, we have revised our Privacy Policy.
Technology, regulatory requirements and data sharing practices continue to evolve.
Our new policy reflects these changes and aims to provide you with more detail about how we manage the data you entrust with us.
Our basic principles remain the same.
We believe that fair information processing is a requirement for organizations, like Sun, that have embraced the reality that the Network is the Computer and who have built communities that are comprised of individuals from around the globe.
The principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement govern how we manage the personally identifiable information entrusted to us.
==========
Sun's new Privacy Policy has added two new features of particular note.
First, we have joined the Safe Harbor program under the U.S. Department of Commerce, in connection with its agreement with the European Economic Area.
The Safe Harbor program allows personal information from individuals in the EU to be transferred to the U.S.  By participating in the program, Sun is certifying to the U.S. Government that it has adequate privacy protections in place.
Second, we have expanded the discussion of how we collect and use the information we collect to include details on how we personalize your experience, communicate with you, and improve the products, programs and services we develop.
These updates to our policy enhance our ongoing commitment to serving our customers' needs and interests and allow us to do business with an even greater degree of consistent quality wherever data is collected, processed or managed.
Please read Sun's new Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions or suggestions about our new policy, please contact us at privacy@sun.com or via mail at:


Privacy Office
Sun Microsystems, Inc.
4150 Network Circle
Santa Clara, California 95054
USA
==========
