TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY DESCRIBE YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
This is the official Terms of Service Agreement ("Agreement") for Addictinggames.com ("Site," "we," "us," or "our"), an Internet website owned and operated by Atom Entertainment, Inc. ("Atom Entertainment") a MTV Networks company and a division of Viacom International Inc. (together with MTVN, the "Parent Companies").
This Agreement governs only the content, features, and activities related to this Site and does not cover websites for any other MTVN programming channel, MTVN's "Jobhunt" website, the Parent Companies, and any subsidiaries and affiliates of Atom Entertainment Inc. and the Parent Companies (collectively, "Affiliates"), or any other company, unless specifically stated.
This Site is offered and made available only to users thirteen (13) years of age or older who reside in the United States of America, its territories and possessions ("U.S.").
If you are not yet 13 years old or the required greater age for certain features, or do not reside in the U.S., please discontinue using the Site immediately, or if for any reason, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, please discontinue using the Site immediately because by using or attempting to use the Site, you certify that you are at least 13 years of age (or other required greater age for certain features, where applicable) and meet any other eligibility and residency requirements of the Site.
==========
These terms and conditions regarding your use of the Site constitute a legally binding agreement between you and the Site and Atom Entertainment.
In this Agreement, the term "Site" includes all websites and web pages within the Site as well as any equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Site.
By using this Site, you understand, acknowledge and agree that you will abide by the terms of this Agreement and any additional terms that govern certain products and services, which will be presented in conjunction with those products and services ("Additional Terms"), including the AddictingGames User Submission Agreement which governs your submission of User Material as such term is defined therein.
The Site may also provide rules of participation ("Rules") for certain activities and services including, but not limited to, contests and sweepstakes, award programs, and subscription services.
The Site's Additional Terms and the Privacy Policyand the Rules are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
To the extent that there is a conflict between this Agreement and Additional Terms for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Additional Terms shall govern.
To the extent that there is a conflict between this Agreement and the specific Rules for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Rules shall govern.
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site and in the event of termination of any membership, service or feature, you will still be bound by your obligations under this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, any Additional Terms or Rules, including any indemnifications, warranties and limitations of liability.
==========
The words "use" and/or "using" in this Agreement mean any time an individual (a "user"), directly or indirectly, with or without the aid of a machine or device, does or attempts to access, interact with use, display, view, print or copy from the Site, transmit, receive or exchange data or communicate with the Site, or in any way utilizes, benefits, takes advantage of or interacts with any function, service or feature of the Site, for any purpose whatsoever.
This Agreement does not cover your rights or responsibilities with respect to third party content or sites or any links that may direct your browser or your connection to third party sites or pages.
This is the entire and exclusive Agreement between you and us regarding use of the Site and it cannot be modified, except as specifically described below in Section 2.
1.
==========
REGISTRATION AND USE OF PASSWORD
											    We may require each user to have a unique user name and password combination in order to access and use certain features or functions of the Site and may also, from time to time, provide users with additional codes or passwords necessary to access and use certain features or functions of the Site.
Please read our Privacy Policy, which describes the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") we collect, use, disclose, manage and store.
As part of the registration process for the feature or function, you will choose a user name and password (or we may assign an initial password which we will give you the option to change).
Your user name and password are personal to you and you may not allow any others to use your user name or password under any circumstances.
We are not liable for any harm caused or related to the theft or misappropriation of your user name or password, disclosure of your user name or password, or your authorization of anyone else to use your user name or password.
You agree to notify us immediately if you become aware of or believe there is or may have been any unauthorized use of (or activity using) your user name or password or any other need to deactivate your user name or password due to security concerns.
PASSWORDS ARE ISSUED ON A PERSONAL BASIS.
==========
ACCORDINGLY, ALL CONTENT OR INSTRUCTIONS TRANSMITTED BY OR RECEIVED FROM ANYONE PRESENTING YOUR PASSWORD ON THE SITE WILL BE DEEMED BINDING ON YOU.
You agree that you are solely responsible and liable for all actions taken via your password, whether or not made with your knowledge or authority.
You agree to guard your password carefully, with the full awareness that a failure to keep it secure will enable others to engage in transactions through the Site for which you will be legally responsible.
2.
==========
MODIFICATIONS
												We reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, for any reason in our sole discretion, to change the terms of this Agreement.
We will post or display notices of material changes on the Site and/or e-mail you or notify you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion.
Once we post them on the Site, these changes become effective immediately and if you use the Site after they become effective it will signify your agreement to be bound by the changes.
You should check back frequently and review the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the AddictingGames User Submission Agreement, other Additional Terms, Rules and Privacy Policy, regularly so you are aware of the most current rights and obligations that apply to you and the terms and conditions of your agreement with us.
3.
==========
OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
												The contents of this Site, including all Site software, design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio and video material, artwork, graphic material, databases, proprietary information and all copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable elements of the Site, including, without limitation, the selection, sequence and 'look and feel' and arrangement of items, and all trademarks, service marks and trade names (individually and/or collectively, "Material"), are the property of Atom Entertainment, its Parent Companies, and its Affiliates, and any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective licensors, Advertisers (as defined below), suppliers, and operational service providers and are legally protected, without limitation, under U.S. Federal and State, as well as applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties.
Unless the context clearly requires otherwise or we explicitly say so in writing, the term "Site" includes "Material" as well.
The Site is to be used solely for your noncommercial, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable and limited personal use and for no other purposes.
You must not alter, delete or conceal any copyright or other notices contained on the Site, including notices on any Material you download, transmit, display, print or reproduce from the Site.
You shall not, nor will you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party (including, without limitation, on or via a third party website), or otherwise use, any Material without the express prior written consent of Atom Entertainment.
==========
Any unauthorized or prohibited use of any Material may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, or both, under applicable federal, state and local laws.
We require users to respect our copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights.
We likewise respect the intellectual property of others.
On notice, we will act expeditiously to remove content on the Site that infringes the copyright rights of others and will disable the access to the Site and its services of anyone who uses them to repeatedly to infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
==========
We take protection of copyrights, both our own and others, very seriously.
We therefore employ multiple measures to prevent copyright infringement over this Site and to promptly end any infringement that might occur.
If you believe that the Site contains elements that infringe your copyrights in your work, please follow the procedures set forth in our Copyright Compliance Policy
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN BY THESE TERMS, NEITHER ATOM ENTERTAINMENT, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY THIRD PARTY HAS CONFERRED UPON YOU BY IMPLICATION, ESTOPPEL OR OTHERWISE, ANY LICENSE OR RIGHT UNDER ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, COPYRIGHT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO USE THE SITE OR ANY APPLICATIONS OFFERED ON THE SITE.
EXCEPT FOR USER MATERIALS SUBMITTED BY YOU, NO OWNERSHIP RIGHTS ARE OR WILL BE ASSIGNED TO YOU.
4.
==========
ADVERTISING
												From time to time, you may communicate with, receive communications from, be re-directed to, interact with, or participate in or use the services or obtain goods and services of or from, third parties (collectively, the "Advertisers") such as our advertisers, sponsors, or promotional partners.
as a result of your use of the Site.
All such communication, interaction and participation is strictly and solely between you and such Advertisers and we shall not be responsible or liable to you in any way in connection with these activities or transactions (including, without limitation, any representations, warranties, covenants, contracts or other terms or conditions that may exist between you and the Advertiser or any goods or services you may purchase or obtain from any Advertiser).
5.
AGREEMENT TO DEAL ELECTRONICALLY
												All transactions with or through the Site or Atom Entertainment may, at Atom Entertainment's option, be conducted and executed electronically.
Atom Entertainment may keep records of any type of communication conducted via the Site.
==========
All electronic records are deemed sent when they are properly addressed to the recipient and the record enters an information processing system outside the control of the sender or the record enters a region of an information processing system under the recipient's control.
All electronic records are received when the record enters an information processing system that the recipient has designated or uses for the purpose of receiving electronic records or information of the type sent, in a form capable of being processed by that system, and from which the recipient is able to retrieve the electronic record.
6.
==========
RULES OF CONDUCT		
												Your use of the Site is subject to all applicable local, state, national laws and regulations and, in some cases, international treaties.
You are solely responsible for all activities, acts and omissions that occur in, from, through or under your user name or password.
You shall not use, allow, or enable others to use the Site, or knowingly condone use of this Site by others, in any manner that is, attempts to, or is likely to:
==========
