Your personal data on TrustpilotWe share your reviews on our platform so that others can read about your experience with a specific business.
When you write a review, other users of our platform will be able to see your username, your location (country), all reviews you’ve written, and other information you have chosen to connect with your public profile.
They can also see whether you’ve marked other reviews as “useful”.
==========
Remember that if you’ve selected to use your real name as your username, this could reveal your identity.
We recommend you exercise care in deciding which information to make available on our platform, and be aware that depending on the level of information provided, you may or may not be anonymous.If you connect to a social network, information such as your profile photo, your name, birth year and approximate location will be collected from your social network profile and used to identify you on our platform.
Subject to your privacy settings and the level of information available from the social network, users of our platform can use this information to identify the reviews you have written.If you’ve chosen to preserve anonymity by not using your name for your Trustpilot username, be aware that information from social networks can reveal your identity in part or in full and make it possible to identify which reviews you have written.We show you if your social network contacts or friends have also connected with Trustpilot.
This is only visible to you.
==========
Other people on Trustpilot cannot see your social network connections.
Your personal data on Trustpilot when you create a business account on behalf of your companyWhen you create a business account on behalf of your company, we will disclose your company name, company address, domain, country and other information you have chosen to connect with your company’s public profile.We recommend you exercise care in deciding which information to make available for disclosing on the website and be aware that depending on the level of information provided, you may or may not disclose personal data.Other information provided by you on the website, including your replies to users’ reviews about your company, are also made available for other users of the website.
Your personal data on services that you connect to your Trustpilot user accountIf you connect your Trustpilot account with your social network profile, the information and reviews provided by you, as well as data compiled by us about your use of the platform (for example, the number of reviews you have written) will be shared with and displayed in connection with your profile on the social network and will be subject to its privacy policy.
Your personal data shared with other services, websites and businessesOne of Trustpilot's main goals is to increase the exposure and availability of reviews.
We therefore permit other services to show reviews created on our platform, including but not limited to, companies’ replies to reviews created on the website.
This increases the potential audience and other consumers’ knowledge of Trustpilot and the reviews.The categories of third-party services and companies that can show your reviews together with your public user profile (or if you have a business account on Trustpilot, your replies to reviews about your company) are:Search engines, including Google and Bing.Businesses you reviewed on Trustpilot.Businesses that invited you to review a product.Consumer portals and business portals, including price comparison websites, shopping guides, etc.Application partners and platforms, such as Prestashop, Magento, Shopify, WooCommerce.
Other similar websites where, in Trustpilot’s assessment, it will be relevant for users to search for reviews.Social networks.If you write a review on Trustpilot in response to an invitation sent by a business via our review invitation services, that business will be able to match your review with their invitation.
==========
We won’t share documentation you send us to verify your experience with the reviewed business.
However, if you have a reference number, order ID or similar, we may pass that on to the business, unless you ask us not to.
If you choose to provide information when replying to a message sent by a reviewed business using the Find Reviewer tool, this information will also be shared with the reviewed business.
==========
Your personal data shared with data processorsWe share your personal data with selected third parties (including Trustpilot subsidiaries and other companies within the Trustpilot group) that provide us with a variety of different services that support the technical operation of our platform and the delivery of our services ("data processors").
These third parties are data processors for the personal data for which we are the data controller.
We have data processing agreements in place with the data processors, and it follows from these agreements that they must act solely in accordance with our instructions.
By accepting this policy, you authorize us to instruct the data processors to process data in accordance with this policy and for the purposes of using the platform.The data processors have taken reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect against the information being accidentally or illegally destroyed, becoming lost or deteriorating, and to protect against the information being disclosed to unauthorized persons, being misused, or in other ways being processed in violation of data protection laws.Some of these data processors and third-party services will be located in countries outside of the one in which you are based and may have different, or less stringent, data protection standards.
However, subject to the local laws in these countries, we will ensure that necessary safeguards are in place to protect your data, regardless of location.
We do this through a combination of appropriate technical, organizational and administrative security measures, and by putting in place the necessary legal contracts to back up these requirements.
For example, we will only transfer European users’ personal data outside the European Economic Area where a European Commission approved method of validating the transfer has been put in place.Other disclosuresIn addition to the above, we share your personal data with the following parties and in the following circumstances:To comply with laws or to respond to claims, legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas and court orders) and requests from public and government authorities.To cooperate with regulatory bodies and government authorities in connection with investigations or case referrals.
To third parties in connection with the enforcement of our User Terms & Conditions, Guidelines for Reviewers, Business Terms & Conditions, and Guidelines for Businesses.To third parties in order for us to protect our operations or those of our affiliates.To third parties to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.To third parties in order for us to pursue available remedies, or limit damages that we may sustain.To third parties in order for us to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and misuse of our platform.To third parties in the event of any reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
==========
