Privacy Policy
Effective
Date: January 1, 2018
This
Privacy Policy explains how RTK.io  and
its subsidiaries (“RTK.io”) collect, use, and disclose information, and your
choices for managing your information preferences.
What
This Policy Covers
This
Privacy Policy describes RTK.io’s data practices associated with our corporate
website (www.RTK.io.com) and RTK.io services (“Services”), and the choices that
RTK.io provides in connection with our collection and use of your information.
This Privacy Policy is intended for both website publisher customers
(“Publishers”) and individual users of websites and apps.
For Publishers, this
Policy explains how RTK.io may collect, use and disclose information associated
with your company and with your company’s websites and apps that use RTK.io
Services.
For individual website and app users, this Privacy Policy explains
how RTK.io may collect, use, and disclose information when you visit our
website or when you use any website or app that uses RTK.io Services.
RTK.io
Services include our Ad Exchange, a Web-based marketplace that enables
publishers, advertisers, and ad networks to efficiently market, buy and sell
digital and mobile advertising and ad inventory.
==========
RTK.io also offers services,
such as our Ad Server, through which we act as a service provider to enable our
Publishers, advertisers, ad networks, and other clients to manage their
advertising inventory and to collect and use data to provide advertising on
their digital and mobile properties and across the Internet.
In this case,
Publishers may use our services to process data, which they collect or source.
Publishers and other clients may also have their own policies that govern how
they collect, use, and share data.
==========
These policies may differ from RTK.io’s policies
described in this Privacy Policy.
Please consult the privacy policies of the
websites you visit and apps you use to become familiar with their privacy
practices and to learn about any choices that these companies may offer with
respect to their information practices.
Finally,
the RTK.io website may contain links to websites or content operated and
maintained by third parties, over which we have no control.
We encourage you to
review the privacy policy of a third-party website before disclosing any information
to the website.
Information
Collection and Use
RTK.io
collects contact information through our website when you choose to provide it,
such as your name, username, or email address.
For example, you may be asked to
provide us with contact information when you register with the RTK.io website
and when you purchase the Services.
The decision to provide this information is
optional; however, if you elect not to register or provide such information,
you may not be able to access certain content, features, or services available
on or through the RTK.io website.
In order to make payments owed to Publishers,
RTK.io may also request additional information from Publishers such as other
contact information and billing account information.
RTK.io
uses this contact and billing information to operate and improve our website
and Services, such as to provide notices about your Service, to fulfill your
service requests, or to request your feedback or conduct research.
RTK.io also
uses contact information to send you information about new products or
Services; where RTK.io needs your permission to do this, we only send such
information in accordance with any permissions granted.
We
may also collect additional information through our website and Services, such
as the following:
·      
 ‘Free form’ demographic
information (e.g. age, gender, marital status)
·      
 Browser information (e.g. URL,
browser type, ‘click through’ data)
·      
 Ad reporting or delivery data
(e.g. size/type of ad, ad impressions, location/format of ad, data about interactions
with the ad)
·      
 Device-type information (e.g.
screen dimensions, device brand and model)
·      
 Unique identification numbers
(e.g. IP address and mobile/cell phone device ID)
·      
 Location data (as derived from IP
address or GPS (for mobile))
·      
 Interest segments (i.e. inferred
information on the behavior or likely interests associated with a de-vice)
·      
 Retargeting data (i.e. data
revealing previous interest in a product or website)
·      
 Information about the possible
relationships among different browsers and devices
·      
 Information about your activities
on our website and Services
With respect to data collected via the RTK.io
Ad Exchange, we may combine information that does not directly identify an
individual with data collected from other sources and disclose the combined
information to participating publishers, advertisers and ad networks so that
they can determine whether to bid on ad inventory and in order to improve the
relevance of the advertising presented to users.
We also use the information we
collect to host, operate, maintain, secure, and further develop and improve our
Services, such as to keep track of advertising delivery and to measure the
effectiveness of advertising delivered through our Services, and investigate
compliance with RTK.io’s policies and terms and conditions.
RTK.io
does not engage in activities that require parental notice or consent under the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
If you believe that RTK.io
has inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 that is subject
to parental notice and consent under COPPA, please contact RTK.io using the
contact information below to request deletion of the information.
==========
Cookies
and Other Similar Technologies.
We use cookies (a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely
identifies your Web browser), Web beacons (an electronic file placed within a
Web site that monitors usage), pixels, etags, and similar technologies to
operate and improve our website and Services, including for interest-based
advertising as described below.
Some of our Service Providers (defined below)
may also use such technologies in connection with the services they perform on
our behalf.
We
use the following categories of cookies for our website and Services:
·      
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to
enable you to navigate our website and use its features.
Without these cookies,
Services you have asked for such as remembering your login details cannot be
provided.
·      
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect anonymous
information on how people use our website.
For example, we use these cookies to
help us understand how customers arrive at our site, browse or use our site and
highlight areas where we can improve, such as navigation and marketing
campaigns.
The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from
which your individual identity can be established.
==========
·      
Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember choices you make
such as the country from which you visit our website, language and search
parameters such as size, color or product line.
These cookies can then be used
to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to
make the visits more tailored and relevant.
The information these cookies
collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other
websites.
·      
Targeting Cookies or Advertising
Cookies
These cookies collect information about
your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your
interests.
==========
They are also used to limit the number of times you see an
advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
The cookies remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with
other parties such as advertisers.
Please see our Interest-Based Advertising
section below for information about your choices regarding our use of these
technologies for interest-based advertising.
==========
Publishers,
advertisers and third-party ad networks that participate in the RTK.io Ad
Exchange may also utilize cookies or similar technologies to deliver ads and
monitor the performance of such ads.
The collection of information through
cookies or similar technologies by such third parties will be governed by their
own privacy policies and principles, which RTK.io does not control.
Your
browser may offer tools to enable or disable cookies by modifying the settings
in your browser.
How-ever, please note that certain features of the RTK.io
website may not work if you delete or disable cookies.
Moreover, if you delete
cookies after previously opting out of RTK.io’s Ad Exchange practices, you may
need to renew your opt-out choice.
To read about your choices with regard to RTK.io’s
use of cookies in our services, please see below.
==========
Information
Sharing
We
will disclose contact and billing information to third parties only as
described in this Privacy Policy:
·      
with your express permission;
·      
with our affiliates, which include
entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with RTK.io;
·      
where we contract with third parties to
provide certain services, such as advertising, analytics, data management
services, web hosting, and web development (“Service Providers”).
We ask
Service Providers to confirm that their privacy and security practices are
consistent with ours, we provide our Service Providers with only the
information necessary for them to perform the services we re-quest, and Service
Providers are prohibited from using such information for purposes other than as
specified by RTK.io;
·      
in the event that RTK.io is merged,
sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets (including in
bankruptcy), or in the event of another corporate change, we may disclose or
transfer information in connection with such transaction; and
·      
where we believe it is necessary to
protect RTK.io or our users; to enforce our terms or the legal rights of RTK.io
or others; or to comply with a request from governmental authorities, legal
process, or other legal obligations.
We may also share and disclose other
information that we collect, including aggregate information, as we consider
necessary to develop and provide our Services, including in the ways described
above.
RTK.io
may also be required to disclose information in response to lawful requests by
public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements.
Public
Forums.
==========
RTK.io
may offer online resources that facilitate communications among the RTK.io
client community and others.
Whenever you voluntarily post information to any
public forum offered by RTK.io, such information along with your user name can
be accessed by other users of the forum, including members of the public if the
forum is open to the public.
Legal
Basis for Processing Personal Information of European Economic Area (“EEA”)
Individuals
On certain occasions, RTK.io relies on the consent of the individual to process
personal information (for example, when the user inputs personal information
into the RTK.io website).
On other occasions, RTK.io may process personal
information when RTK.io needs to do this to fulfill a contract or where RTK.io
is required to do so by law.
RTK.io
may also process data when it is in RTK.io’s or its customer’s legitimate
interests to do this and when these interests are not overridden by the
individual’s data protection rights (which may vary based on an individual’s
jurisdiction).
Those legitimate interests include improving RTK.io’s Services.
==========
Interest-Based
Advertising and Opting Out
RTK.io
adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles in
the US and to the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) Principles in
the European Union (“EU”) and the IAB Europe OBA Framework.
As
discussed above, the RTK.io Ad Exchange uses cookies, Web beacons, pixels,
etags, and similar technologies to give Publishers the possibility to offer,
and Ad Exchange advertisers the ability to show, targeted ads on the device on
which you are viewing this policy or a different device.
These ads are more
likely to be relevant to you because they are based on inferences drawn from
location data, web viewing data collected across non-affiliated sites over
time, and/or application use data collected across non-affiliated apps over
time.
This is called “interest-based advertising.”
In addition, certain third
parties may collect data on the RTK.io website and combine this data with
information collected from other websites over time for purposes that include
interest-based advertising.
Opting
Out for Cookie-Based Services:
If you would like to learn more about
this type of advertising, or would prefer to opt out of website interest-based
advertising enabled by RTK.io’s Ad Exchange,  please visit our opt-out page
Opting
Out for Certain Non-Cookie Services (in applicable countries): To help identify your browser and/or
possible relationships between different browsers and devices, RTK.io or our
partners may use the local storage or cache in your browser.
Using the browser
cache or local storage helps RTK.io or our partners deliver interest-based
advertising to a browser without the use of third-party cookies.
To opt out of RTK.io’s
use of local storage or the browser cache to provide its services, please (1)
use any tools provided by your browser to clear local storage and the browser
cache, and (2) turn on any “Do Not Track” header setting offered by your browser, and (3) use our opt-out page to opt out of interest based advertising.
As long as these steps are completed and maintained on a browser, RTK.io
will not use local storage or the cache on that browser to identify and sync
browsers and devices.
Effect
of Opting Out: If
you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you
will need to renew your opt-out choice.
==========
If
you opt out of RTK.io’s practices, you may continue to receive interest-based
advertising through other companies.
Third-party advertisers and ad networks
that participate in the RTK.io Ad Exchange may also use their own cookies and
other ad service technologies to display and track their ads.
We do not control
and are not responsible for such third-party advertisers’ and ad networks’
information practices or their use of cookies and other ad service
technologies.
To learn more about the practices of these companies, please read
their privacy policies.
Even
if you opt-out, RTK.io may continue to collect data for other purposes and you
still will receive advertising from the RTK.io Ad Exchange when you visit
websites of a Publisher who uses our Services – but such advertising will not
be targeted to you.
==========
Reviewing
and Updating Information
RTK.io
takes reasonable steps to ensure that information is accurate, complete,
current, and reliable for its intended use.
For contact or billing information
submitted through our website, you may review, correct, update, or change your
information, request that we deactivate your account, or remove your
information from our direct marketing efforts, at any time by e-mailing us at privacy@rtk.io.
International
Information Transfers
Please
be aware that the information we collect, including contact and billing
information, may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases
located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the
privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location.
==========
If you are
located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and
store information in the United States and your consent to this Privacy Policy
or use of RTK.io Services represents your agreement to this processing.
RTK.io
is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States
Federal Trade Commission.
Retention
of personal information of EEA individuals will be handled in accordance with RTK.io’s
data retention policy.
Where RTK.io processes personal data of EEA individuals
as a data controller, such individuals: (i) may have the right to request
access to and rectification or erasure of personal information; (ii) may
restrict the processing of personal information, object to processing, and/or
exercise the right of data portability; and (iii) may have certain rights to
withdraw consent without affecting the lawfulness of processing and the right
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
For any requests or
information regarding the rights set out above, please contact us by e-mailing
us at privacy@rtk.io.
Security
Information
that we collect is stored using procedures and practices reasonably designed to
help protect information from unauthorized access, destruction, use,
modification, or disclosure.
==========
Policy
Updates
From
time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy.
If we decide to change this
Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting the revised
Privacy Policy on the RTK.io website.
Those changes will go into effect on the
effective date disclosed in the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact
Us
If
you have any questions or concerns regarding this RTK.io Privacy Policy, please
contact us by e-mailing us at privacy@rtk.io
==========
