Scope and ChangesNexTag, Inc. ("NexTag" or "we") operates the websites, www.nextag.com, www.calibex.com, and permutations of those sites, including certain co-branded versions of those  sites with third parties, that refer to this Website Privacy Statement in a direct hyperlink (the "Websites").
NexTag respects  your privacy and we want you to be confident in sharing your information with us.
This Website Privacy Statement is designed to  inform you of the types of information we collect from users, how we use that information, and the circumstances under which we  will share it with third parties.
This Privacy Statement applies only to the Websites.
It does not apply to your use of any other  websites (whether or not operated by us), including any websites to which we provide links or websites of our partners or  advertisers, or to any activities which are not online.Please note that some features and/or services referenced may not be available on some Websites.
Therefore, portions of this  Privacy Statement that pertain to such features or services may not be applicable on each of the Websites.
NexTag, Inc. is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.
TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to  enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by  promoting the use of fair information practices.
Because NexTag wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users' privacy, it has  agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices governing the Websites reviewed for compliance by  TRUSTe.
==========
This Website Privacy Statement is effective as of the date listed above.
Even if you read and/or agreed to a prior policy  statement, you need to review this updated version.
We reserve the right to revise this Website Privacy Statement at any time and  at our discretion.
If we decide to change our Website Privacy Statement, we will post those changes to this Website Privacy  Statement accessible on the homepages of the Websites, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what  information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use  users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users  via either email or by posting a notice on the Websites for 30 days.Personal Information and How We Use ItGenerally it is possible to use some features the Websites without providing us with any personally identifiable information, but  on some of our Websites, users have the option of providing various personal information to make the best use of available  services and features and certain services and features require that you provide personal information.
==========
This section describes what  we collect and how we use it.
Providing the information is always voluntary, however, and you can always choose not to provide the  information by choosing not to use the service or feature.
By providing the information you agree to our use consistent with this  statement.INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY YOUZip Code and E-mail Address: On some of the Websites, you have the choice of providing your ZIP Code or e-mail address.
==========
We  use your ZIP Code to compute TruePrice including the cost of shipping and sales tax.
In connection with some of the matching  services we provide (e.g., mortgage and real estate services), we may also use your ZIP Code to match you with third parties  offering services in your area.On some of the Websites if you wish to register for either Price Alerts (through our Watch List feature) or our Buyer's Alert  Newsletter, provide product reviews, or be matched with participating service providers, we require that you provide us with your  email address.
We will use this to email you with the Price Alert, the Buyer's Alert Newsletter, and other information or service  provider match results you may have requested.Basic Contact Information: On some of the Websites you may be able to become a registered user.
When you decide to become a  registered user, we ask for some basic contact information, such as username, ZIP Code, and email address.
We use this basic  contact information to facilitate the use of certain features of our Websites (e.g., TruePrice prices, submission of  product/merchant reviews and creation of lists) and to send you information about our company, services and products, and to  communicate occasional offers from our partners and advertisers.Complete Contact Information: If you wish to be contacted by a merchant or service provider, such as an auto dealer in your  local area, a mortgage broker or an educational institution, we collect full name, e-mail address, phone number, as well as other  information that may be appropriate for the service, and we provide that information to the relevant merchant(s) or service  provider(s).
On some of the Websites a registered user may decide to become a merchant.
When registering as a merchant, we collect complete  contact information, i.e., full name, address, e-mail address, and phone number, as well as credit card number and expiration  date.
==========
We use this information to validate the merchant's identity and to bill the merchant for services provided by NexTag and  approved in advance by the merchant.
All credit card information is encrypted.Service User Information: On the Websites where it is available, if you choose to receive information about services  described on the Website, such as mortgages, educational programs/institutions, personal finance products,  insurance or other products or services, NexTag may request that you complete a questionnaire, which may include personal  financial and contact information and may include Social Security Number and other information that is relevant to the service  ("Service User Information").
You may elect not to provide Service User Information, in which case you will not be able to  receive the service.
Service User Information enables NexTag to provide you with information specifically about requested  services, or allows NexTag to provide your Service User Information to merchant(s) or service provider(s) who will contact you and  provide you with information about requested services.
In some circumstances NexTag may use Service User Information to obtain  additional information about you, such as your credit score and your credit report, to improve the matching service with lenders  and brokers.
NexTag also may provide merchant(s) or service provider(s) with non-personally identifiable information that we  collect about your visit to the Websites, such as your IP address.Content or Correspondence Submitted By You: If you choose to post content on any of the Websites where posting is available  (for example, a product or merchant review), or submit personal correspondence to NexTag, we may collect and maintain that  information in a file specific to you.Lists: Some of the Websites allow you to create lists of products that are interesting to you.
==========
The default for certain  lists is for the list to be publicly available.
You may change the privacy setting of your lists as provided on the Websites.INFORMATION ACQUIRED AUTOMATICALLYWe collect certain information on the Websites through your experience and activities, cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or use  of third party websites to create a profile of our users.
A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that  detail their viewing preferences, activities and interactions with NexTag.
==========
Consequently, collected information is tied to the  user's personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user.
This profile is  used to tailor a user's visit to the Websites, and, subject to the Opt-Out Policy stated below, to direct pertinent marketing  promotions and communications to them.Cookies: A cookie is a piece of data tied to information about the user and stored on the user's computer.
We use both  session cookies, which terminate when a user closes his browser, and persistent cookies, which remain on the user's computer until  manually deleted.
==========
Cookies are used to help make your use of our Websites more enjoyable.
NexTag creates these cookie files on your  hard drive through your browser and uses them to save information on your NexTag username, ZIP Code and Website preferences so you  can avoid re-entry of this information each time you visit our Websites, and to display certain usage information that may be  helpful for you, such as your recent searches and recently viewed items.
Cookies also help us to deliver content and  advertisements specific to your interests.
For example, we may use cookies to collect anonymous information about your use of our  sites and services (including your browsing history, the terms you searched, the products you viewed, etc.) and your interaction  with our advertisements that are served on the Websites or other sites.
We also may allow our advertising partners to use cookies  to collect this kind of anonymous information.
This information is not associated with your personally identifiable information.
We or our advertising partners may use this anonymous use and browsing information to customize your experience on the Websites,  to improve the Websites and our services such as by analyzing what content or services are helpful or interesting to users, or to  provide you with advertisements that are tailored to your interests, both on our sites and on third-party sites.
We also may  provide your anonymous use and browsing information to third parties to allow them to provide you with advertisements that are  tailored to your interests.
==========
You may decline our cookies if your web browser software permits, although this may prevent you from  accessing certain features on our Websites.Log Files: Like most standard website servers we use log files.
This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser  type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze  trends, administer the Web site, track users' movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate  use.
We use your IP address at times to help identify you as you browse and to gather broad technical and demographic information  on who uses our Websites.
We do not tie log files to personally identifiable information.Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs): We and/or our third party advertisers employ a software technology called clear gifs  (also known as Web Beacons or Web Bugs).
==========
They help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content and which  campaigns are effective.
Clear gifs are similar in function to cookies and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
In  addition, NexTag and its advertisers may use clear gifs in HTML-based emails.
This allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of our  communications and our marketing campaigns by showing how many emails recipients have opened.
We also utilize clear gifs to  enable NexTag or third parties to provide you with advertisements, both on our sites and on third-party sites, that are tailored  to your interests.
==========
We do not tie web-beacons to personally identifiable information.PEOPLE UNDER 18 YEARS OLDOur Websites are not intended for use by people under eighteen (18) years of age.
If you are under 18, please do not send any  information to us.
By accessing Websites or using our services, you represent that you are 18 years of age or older.GENERAL USES OF INFORMATIONIn addition to the uses described above, we may use your personal information for any of the following:To contact you regarding the status of your inquiries relating to services or products listed on our Websites.To contact you regarding account status, changes to this Policy, our Terms of Use or other terms applicable to your use of the  Websites.To contact you to confirm your service inquiry, to confirm, complete or update your Service User Information or registration  information, or for any other business reason related to your use of our Websites.To contact you in response to a customer service question from you, or in relation to any issue arising in respect of the  agreement between NexTag and you, or to resolve or attempt to resolve a dispute between users or between NexTag and you.To process credit card payments approved in advance by you.To allow you to send an email to another user who is listing an item for sale on our site, where available.To assist law enforcement or other governmental agencies investigating cases of possible illegal activities by third parties.To improve the experience of using the Websites, improve NexTag's products and services, improve marketing and promotion of  our products and services, customize the Websites' content and layout, and generally improve the Websites to meet your needs  better.Who We Share Your Personal Information WithAggregated information: We aggregate personal information into statistics about users, their usage of the Websites, traffic  patterns, and demographics.
==========
We may provide third parties with such statistics, but never in a way that would make the information  personally identifiable: this data is aggregated from millions of users to the Websites each month.Merchants and Service Providers: If you choose to submit to us your Complete Contact Info as part of a request to be  contacted by merchant(s) or service provider(s), we will supply to the merchant(s) or service provider(s) your Complete Contact  Info and those merchant(s) or service provider(s) will contact you using the information regarding the specific query that you  have raised.
Merchant(s) or service provider(s) that receive your Complete Contact Info may contact you regarding other products  and/or services.
If you choose to submit to us a questionnaire which includes Service User Information, we may provide the  information submitted in that questionnaire along with additional information we obtain about you based on your Service User  Information, such as your credit information, to any of our participating merchants or service provider(s) who may provide the  products or services to which your request relates.
Your submission of the questionnaire will be your consent to our disclosure to  any such merchant(s) or service provider(s).
NexTag does not have control over the use of the Service User Information once  provided to merchant(s) or service provider(s): your rights in respect of their treatment of your information will be governed by  their own policies.Processing Agents: We may from time to time use external service providers to facilitate or outsource elements of our  service or operation of the Websites, including processing credit card transactions, obtaining your credit score and credit report  in conjunction with a loan information request, sending emails, and providing marketing assistance.
These external service  providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Business Transfer: We may share your information with companies that are affiliated with us, that is, are our direct or  indirect subsidiaries or parent or sister companies.
As we continue to develop our business we might buy or sell companies,  subsidiaries, or business units.
In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets but remains  subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy statement.
==========
In the event that our company, or substantially all of its  assets, is acquired, your information may be one of the transferred assets and we may share it with an actual or potential acquirer.Legal Requests and Customers' Requests: We may release information from or about you to cooperate with law enforcement   officials and third parties to enforce all applicable laws including but not limited to laws relating to intellectual property  rights, fraud, and other rights.
We also may release information from or about you without a subpoena, court order or other  substantially similar legal procedure to law enforcement entities or third parties when we believe release is necessary: to comply  with the law; to protect our rights, property, or the integrity of the Websites, or the rights or property of our  merchants/service providers, customers, users or third parties; or to prevent or investigate illegal activities, suspected fraud,  situations involving potential threat to the physical safety of any person, or violation of NexTag's Term of Use or other  agreement between you and NexTag.
Further we can (and you authorize us to) disclose information from or about you to consumers who  have alleged fraud or any other consumer dispute relating to their transactions and/or communications with you.Other Trusted Parties: We may provide your contact information and other personal data to trusted third parties to provide  information on products and services that may be of interest to you.Accessing and Changing your Personal InformationFor registered users on some of the Websites, you can review personally identifiable information by logging in your username,  email address and password and then clicking on the "My Account" link located at the top right of each page.
After accessing the  My Account page, click the appropriate link under the Account Management section to make changes as necessary.
Notwithstanding  any request from you, we may retain a record of your information that is necessary to comply with applicable federal, state or  local law, rule or regulation.For access and changes of any other data, please contact us at the address below.
Upon receipt  of your request, and possibly subject to identification measures, we will provide you with reasonable access and comply with  appropriate data correction requests in accordance with applicable law.
==========
For access requests, we will respond within thirty (30)  days upon receiving your request.You should also note that if we have provided your information to third parties, you will have to make a separate request to them  directly if you want to have your information removed from, or corrected in, their databases.Third Party Advertising and Links to Third Party WebsitesSome of the advertisements that appear on the Websites are delivered to you by third-party Internet advertising companies.
These  companies use certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and also use cookies, clear gifs or similar  methods to collect information such as anonymous data about your visit to and use of the Websites and interactions with their  advertisements and to provide you with advertisements that are tailored to your interests.
We do not have access to or control  over cookies or other features that these companies may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party  Web sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy  practices.The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about  Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of  their information collection.
==========
To receive further information or to opt out of information collection by these companies, or to  obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, visit  http://www.networkadvertising.org/index.asp.Choice/Opt-out PolicyWe understand you may not want to receive promotional email from us or from our partners and advertisers.
You can choose to  opt-out of receiving promotional email communications from us - and from our sharing your contact data with our partners and with  advertisers for direct marketing purposes - by selecting to opt out if and when you register on our Websites, by following the  unsubscribe instructions in the email communication or by contacting the partner or advertiser directly.To opt out of receiving NexTag promotional mailings after you have registered, click here or click the appropriate unsubscribe link contained within the email  that you receive.
Please note that opting out may prevent you from receiving email from NexTag regarding updates and improvements  to the Websites or offers and promotions that may interest you.In some cases we request that you submit personal information in order to forward this information to our partners that have  products or services in which you may be interested.
In the event we share this information with our partners (e.g., Lenders or  car dealers), we no longer have control over the use of such information and your rights regarding such use will be governed by  the policies of our partners.
==========
You will then have to contact them directly with any opt-out request.We may collect information about your interaction with our advertisements.
To opt-out of these advertising cookies, please click here.
We may allow advertising partners to record that you have visited the  Websites to allow us to provide you with relevant advertising on the partners' sites.
To opt-out of these partner advertising  cookies, please click here.
To change your preferences regarding your search and browsing history, please click here.
==========
Your California Privacy RightsBeginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits residents of California who are registered users and  use our service for private, family or household purposes to request certain standard information regarding our disclosure of  personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes (including a list of categories of data disclosed in the  previous calendar year and names and addresses of data recipients).
To make such a request, please contact us as provided below.Internet Crime Complaint CenterNexTag wants your Internet surfing experience to be safe.
Help protect yourself.
==========
If you believe you have been a victim of Internet  crime you can file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3), a partnership between the Federal Bureau of  Investigation (FBI) and the National White Collar Crime Center.
Their website is http://www.ic3.gov/.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Website Privacy Statement, the practices of the Websites, or your use of the Websites, please  contact us at:Privacy OfficerNexTag, Inc.1300 South El Camino Real, Suite 600San Mateo, CA 94402legalnotices@nextag.com (click here to opt out of receiving NexTag mailings)
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact  TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php.
TRUSTe  will serve as a liaison with Nextag to resolve users concerns.
==========
