6.
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, SOCIAL FEATURES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS.
“Third-Party Service(s)” are websites, locations, platforms, applications or services operated by third parties and which are connected to the Services either via hyperlinks or inclusion on or other connection to the Services.
Some of these Third-Party Services may be our licensees and use our branding, but are still independent third parties operating a service with their own terms and policies.
==========
Examples include ticket sellers such as Ticketmaster (see here) and merchandise vendors such as Fanatics (see here).
You may be linked to some Third-Party Services via a window that displays the Third-Party Service while you otherwise remain on our Service.
In such case, when you interact with the Third-Party Service within the window, you are no longer on our Service and are subject to the Third-Party Service’s policies and practices, even though the surrounding frame may look like you are still on our Service.
These Third-Party Services may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other Tracking Technology to independently collect information about you and may solicit Personal Information from you, and we are not responsible for your interactions with Third-Party Services even when you access them through a window open in connection with our Service.
Certain functionalities on the Service permit you to initiate interactions between the Service and certain Third-Party Services, such as third party social networks (“Social Features”).
Examples of Social Features include: enabling you to send content (such as contacts and photos) between the Service and a Third-Party Service; “liking” or “sharing” the Browns’ content; logging into the Service using your Third-Party Service account (e.g., using Facebook Connect or Ticketmaster to sign-in to the Service); and to otherwise connect the Service to a Third-Party Service (e.g., to pull or push information to or from the Service).
If you use Social Features, and potentially other Third-Party Services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the Service (see Section 5) or by the Third-Party Service that you use.
Similarly, if you post information on a third-party service that references the Service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with the Browns, Affiliates or NFL Parties), your post may be used on or in connection with the Service or otherwise by the Browns, Affiliates or NFL Parties.
Also, both the Browns and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Service and any Third-Party Service.
We may engage and work with Service Providers and other third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and/or on Third-Party Services.
==========
Some of these ads may be tailored to your interests and may be based on your browsing of the Service and elsewhere on the Internet, sometimes referred to as “interest-based advertising” and “online behavioral advertising” (“Interest-based Advertising”).
Such Interest-based Advertising may include sending you an ad on a third-party service after you have left the Service (i.e., “retargeting”).
We may use Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, or other Service Providers for analytics services.
These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to help us analyze Service users and how they use the Service.
==========
Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by these Service Providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these Service Providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Service, compiling statistical reports on the Service’s activity, and providing other services relating to Service activity and other Internet usage.
Except to the extent we combine with Browns-Collected PI the information we receive from Service Providers, Third-Party Services, or other third parties (in which case we will treat the combined information as Browns-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy (see Section 1(c))), data obtained by the Browns from a third party, even in association with the Service, is not subject to our limitations regarding Browns-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy, however such data remains subject to any restrictions imposed on the Browns by the third party, if any.
Otherwise, the information collected, stored, and shared by third parties remains subject to their privacy policies and practices, including whether they continue to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on Third-Party Services.
We are not responsible for and make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any third parties, including, without limitation, analytics Service Providers and Third-Party Services associated with the Service, and we encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
See Section 11 for more information on certain choices offered by some third parties regarding their data collection and use, including regarding Interest-based Advertising and analytics.
==========
