Prudential values your business and your trust.
We respect the privacy of your personal information and take our responsibility to protect it seriously.
This privacy notice is provided on behalf of the Prudential companies listed at the end of this notice (Prudential), and applies to our current and former customers.
This notice describes how we treat the information we receive about you, including the ways in which we will share your personal information within Prudential and your right to opt out of such sharing.
==========
Protecting Your Personal Information
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.
The people who are authorized to have access to your personal information need it to do their jobs, and we require them to keep that information secure and confidential.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information when you fill out applications and other forms, when you enter personal details on our websites, when you respond to our emails, and when you provide us information over the telephone.
We also collect personal information that others give us about you.
==========
This information includes, for example:
name
address, email address, telephone number, and other contact information
income and financial information
Social Security number
transaction history
medical information for insurance applications
consumer reports from consumer reporting agencies
participant information from organizations that purchase products or services from us for the benefit of their members or employees
Using Your Information
We use your personal information for various business purposes, including:
normal everyday business purposes, such as providing services to you and administrating your account or policy
business research and analysis
marketing products and services of Prudential and other companies in which you may be interested
as required by law
Sharing Your Information
We may share your personal information, including information about your transactions and experiences, among Prudential companies and with other non-Prudential companies who perform services for us or on our behalf, for our everyday business purposes, such as providing services to you and administering your account or policy.
We may also share your personal information with another financial institution if you agree that your account or policy can be transferred to that financial company.
We may share your personal information among Prudential companies so that the Prudential companies can market their products and services to you.
We may also share consumer report information among Prudential companies which may include information about you from credit reports and certain information that we receive from you and from consumer reporting agencies or other third parties.
You can limit this sharing by following the instructions described in this notice.
==========
For those customers who have one of our products through a plan sponsored by an employer or other organization, we will share your personal information in a manner consistent with the terms of the plan agreement or consistent with our agreement with you.
We may also share your personal information as permitted or required by law, including, for example, to law enforcement officials and regulators, in response to subpoenas, and to prevent fraud.
Unless you agree otherwise, we do not share your personal information with non-Prudential companies for them to market their products or services to you.
We may tell you about a product or service that other companies offer and, if you respond, that company will know that we selected you to receive the information.
==========
Limiting Our Sharing – Opt Out/Privacy Choice
You may tell us not to share your personal information among Prudential companies for marketing purposes, and not to share consumer report information among Prudential companies, by “opting out” of such sharing.
To limit our sharing for these purposes:
visit us online at: Customer Privacy Pref Opt-out
call us at: 1-877-248-4019

If you previously told us since 2016 not to share your personal information among Prudential companies for marketing purposes, or not to share your consumer report information among Prudential companies, you do not need to tell us not to share your information again.
You are not able to limit our ability to share your personal information among Prudential companies and with other non-Prudential companies for servicing and administration purposes.
Questions
If you have any questions about how we protect, use, and share your personal information or about this privacy notice, please call us.
The toll-free number is 1-877-248-4019.
==========
We reserve the right to modify this notice at any time.
This notice is also available anytime at Prudential website.
This notice is being provided to customers and former customers of the Prudential companies listed below.
Insurance Companies and Insurance Company Separate Accounts
The Prudential Insurance Company of America; Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation; Pruco Life Insurance Company; Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey; Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Company (PRIAC); CG Variable Annuity Account I and CG Variable Annuity Account II; Prudential Legacy Insurance Company of New Jersey; All insurance company separate accounts that include the following names or are otherwise identified as maintained by an entity that includes the following names: Prudential, Pruco, or PRIAC
Insurance Agencies
Prudential Insurance Agency, LLC; Mullin TBG Insurance Agency Services, LLC; Assurance IQ, LLC.
Broker-Dealers and Registered Investment Advisers
AST Investment Services, Inc.; Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc.; Global Portfolio Strategies, Inc.; Pruco Securities, LLC; PGIM, Inc.; Prudential Investment Management Services LLC; PGIM Investments LLC; Prudential Private Placement Investors, L.P., Prudential Customer Solutions LLC; QMA LLC; Jennison Associates LLC
  Bank and Trust Companies
Prudential Bank & Trust, FSB; Prudential Trust Company
  Investment Companies and Other Investment Vehicles
PGIM Funds; Prudential Capital Partners, L.P.; Advanced Series Trust; Prudential Private Placement Investors, Inc.; All funds that include the following names: Prudential, PCP, PGIM, or PCEP
  Other Companies
Prudential Workplace Solutions Group Services, LLC; Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC
Vermont Residents: We will not share information about your creditworthiness among Prudential companies, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.
==========
