MyPCBackup Terms And Conditions





MyPCBackup Products and Services Terms and Conditions of Use Updated and effective as of May 25, 2010.
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.
MyPCBackup (MPCB) is willing to provide MPCB Products or Services to you only if you accept all of the following terms and conditions, the MPCB Privacy Policy, as well as any operating rules, policies, price schedules, and other supplemental documents Published by MPCB from time to time, all of which are incorporated herein by reference (collectively, "Terms and Conditions of Use" or "this Agreement").
1.
==========
Definition of Terms

As used in these Terms and Conditions of Use: "Backup Data" includes any data you back up through Use of the MPCB Products or Services and any related data that are in the possession of MPCB or MPCB Affiliates.
"MPCB," "we," "us," or "our" (whether or not capitalized) mean MPCB and its subsidiaries.
"MPCB Affiliate" means persons or entities who have provided products, licenses, or services to MPCB and persons or entities with which MPCB has entered into an agreement to sublicense or to provide MPCB Products or Services to users.
"MPCB Products or Services" means data backup services, websites (including without limitation, www.mypcbackup.com), all other documentation, features, tools, MPCB Software, and any other products or services provided by MPCB or its authorized agents, distributors, and licensees.
"MPCB Software" means software provided to you or for your use by MPCB.
"Computer" (whether or not capitalized) means a desktop or laptop computer, network device, and any storage device attached to them in any fashion.
"Days" (whether or not capitalized) means calendar days.
==========
"Personal Information" means information that you may provide at the time of registration or otherwise, such as name, physical location or address, IP address, e-mail address, employment, or similar information that identifies you as a specific individual.
To "Publish" documents or information means to provide to or make them accessible to you by mailing, emailing, desktop messaging, faxing, or delivering them to you, or by posting them to www.mypcbackup.com or any other website you visit to register for, subscribe to, license, buy, or Use MPCB Products or Services.
The "Subscription Period" for any license to use MPCB Products or Services begins at purchase, regardless of the date of activation, and expires at the end of your specific purchased term.
A specific purchased term may be monthly, yearly, multi-year or for another periodic metric.
For example, if you are billed on a monthly basis, your Subscription Period is for the month billed.
==========
To "Use" or "Using" MPCB Products or Services means each time you visit a MPCB website, register with MPCB, download MPCB Software, use MPCB Software to encrypt or back up data, view the status of your Backup Data, store or restore Backup Data, access any Backup Data or request support.
"You," "yourself", "user," and "customer" (whether or not capitalized) refer to the individual or legal entity registering for or using the MPCB Products or Services.
2.
==========
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions of Use; Modification; Cancellation

By registering to Use MPCB Products or Services, and each time you Use a MPCB Product or Service, you affirm your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions of Use and agree to comply with them now and throughout the period of your Use of the MPCB Products or Services and thereafter, as noted in Section 6 (MPCB License to You; Renewals, etc.) below.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use in their entirety, do not Use MPCB Products or Services.
MPCB may change the Terms and Conditions of Use at any time, without prior notice to you, and in its sole discretion.
The new or modified Terms and Conditions of Use will be effective immediately after we publish them on our website at www.mypcbackup.com.
==========
If you do not agree to be bound by MPCB's Terms and Conditions of Use as Published by MPCB from time to time, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using MPCB Products or Services.
If you wish to cancel your MPCB license after a change in the Terms and Conditions of Use, you must do so in writing or by email within thirty (30) days after your next Use of a MPCB Product or Service following the change in the Terms and Conditions of Use.
For this type of cancellation you will receive a pro-rata refund for the unused portion of your MPCB license as of your date of notice.
If you cancel your MPCB account in the first thirty (30) days, you will be given a full refund.
You acknowledge and agree that if you do elect to cancel your license within this specified period after a change in the Terms and Conditions of Use, or if you cancel your license or fail to renew an expired or terminated license for any reason, MPCB may delete any information that MPCB has obtained through your Use of MPCB Products or Services, including without limitation, your Backup Data, and MPCB will not have any Backup Data available for your Use.
Cancelled accounts will have all information deleted immediately upon cancelling.
3.
==========
Requirements for Registration or Use of MPCB Products

MPCB Products or Services are intended and offered only for lawful Use by individuals or organizations with the legal capacity and authority under applicable law to enter into a contract for such products or services.
MPCB does not offer MPCB Products or Services to minors or where prohibited by law.
By registering for and/or by Using MPCB Products or Services, you represent and warrant that you have the legal capacity and authority to enter into a binding agreement to adhere to the MPCB Terms and Conditions of Use and that you will Use MPCB Products or Services only in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and with all applicable laws.
If an individual is registering or Using MPCB Products or Services on behalf of an entity or organization, that individual warrants, represents, and covenants to MPCB that such individual is duly authorized to agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use on behalf of the organization and to bind the organization to them.
If an individual uses MPCB Products or Services that are provided by any third party including any person, entity or organization, the individual Using the MPCB Products or Services, by virtue of such use, agrees that any information the individual provides to MPCB (including but not limited to the individual's Backup Data and Personal Information) will be accessible to, and may be viewed, changed, or deleted by the person, entity or organization that provided the MPCB Products or Services to the individual.
You agree to provide accurate and complete information when you register for a MPCB Product or Service and you agree to keep such information accurate and complete during the entire time that you Use MPCB Products or Services.
We may ask you from time to time to establish a user name or password to access or Use the MPCB Products or Services.
You are solely responsible for any consequences arising in whole or in part out of your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your username and/or password.
4.
==========
Lawful Use of MPCB Products or Services

You may not Use MPCB Products or Services for any unlawful purpose.
Without limiting the foregoing:

(a) MPCB Products or Services may not be Used to store, backup, or distribute child pornography and may not be Used in violation of U.S. export control laws or the export or import regulations of other countries.
You agree to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, or import as may be required.
==========
(b) You may not Use MPCB Products or Services if you are a citizen, national, or resident of, or are under control of, the government of Cuba, Iran, Sudan, Libya, North Korea, Syria, Iraq, Morocco, Nigeria, Tunisia, Pakistan, Algeria, Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, or any other country to which the United States has prohibited export.
Each time you Use MPCB Products or Services you represent, warrant, and covenant that: (i) You are not a citizen, national, or resident of, nor under the control of, any such country to which the United States has prohibited export; (ii) You will not download or otherwise export or re-export the MPCB Software, directly or indirectly, to the above mentioned countries nor to citizens, nationals or residents of those countries; (iii) You are not listed on the U.S. Department of Treasury's Lists of Specially Designated Nationals, Specially Designated Terrorists, and Specially Designated Narcotic Traffickers, the U.S. Department of State's List of Statutorily Debarred Parties, or the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List, Entity List, or Unverified List Table of Denial Orders; (iv) You will not download or otherwise export or re-export the MPCB Software, directly or indirectly, to persons on the above mentioned lists; (v) You will neither Use nor allow the MPCB Software to be Used for, any purposes prohibited by United States federal or state law, including, without limitation, for the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons of mass destruction; (vi) The MPCB Software will not be exported, directly, or indirectly, in violation of these laws, nor will the MPCB Products or Services be Used for any purpose prohibited by these laws including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation; and (vii) You are not using or permitting others to Use MPCB Products or Services to create, store, backup, distribute, or provide access to child pornography.
5.
==========
Changes to the MPCB Products or Services

MPCB has the right at any time to change, modify, add to, discontinue, or retire any MPCB Product or Service and any aspect or feature of the MPCB Products or Services including, but not limited to, the software, hours of availability, equipment needed for access or Use, the types of files that are backed-up (not every file on your computer is backed-up), the maximum disk space that will be allotted on MPCB servers on your behalf either cumulatively or for any particular service, or the availability of MPCB Products or Services on any particular device or communications service.
MPCB will provide notice of material changes to the MPCB Products or Services or changes to this Agreement by posting them to www.mypcbackup.com.
MPCB shall have no obligation to provide you with notice of any such changes in any other manner.
It shall be your responsibility to check our website periodically to inform yourself of any such changes.
==========
From time to time, MPCB may issue new releases, revisions, or enhancements to the MPCB Products or Services available to you free of charge or for a fee.
New releases, revisions or enhancements may be licensed, downloaded, and installed only to the extent that you hold a valid license to Use the MPCB Products or Services being updated or upgraded, and you may Use them only in accordance with the then-current Terms and Conditions of Use and any additional license terms that may accompany them.
MPCB may automatically update MPCB Products or Services you have installed on your computer without your prior consent.
If any automatic updates involve the payment of additional fees, we will provide you with the opportunity to approve such fees prior to the new functionality being enabled.
==========
If you fail or refuse to approve such fees, MPCB may, in its sole discretion, terminate your current license, continue to support your current MPCB Products or Services without the automatic update, or replace your MPCB Products or Services with other MPCB Products or Services.
If MPCB terminates your current license on account of your failure or refusal to approve such fees, then MPCB will refund, on a pro-rata basis based on the remaining term of the current license, any fees related to the period during which you will not have access to your MPCB Products or Services.
If MPCB updates the MPCB Products or Services without requiring an additional fee and you object to such change, your sole remedy shall be to terminate your use of the MPCB Products and Services.
==========
These Terms and Conditions of Use (including any documents incorporated by reference) constitute the entirety of the agreement between us and you concerning the subject matters discussed herein.
This Agreement supersedes any prior written or oral representations, understandings, or agreements, and may not be modified except by the posting of changes to www.mypcbackup.com as provided in this Section 5.
No written or oral statement, understanding, representation, or alleged agreement made outside the Terms and Conditions of Use posted to www.mypcbackup.com may be used to modify, interpret, add to, supersede, or construe the terms of this Agreement, except by means of a written agreement signed by an officer of MPCB.
6.
==========
MPCB License to You; Renewals, Modifications, Limits

(a) Scope of License.MPCB grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited and revocable license to install the MPCB Software only on the computer(s) for which you have paid the applicable fees and taxes and from which you are licensed to access the MPCB Products or Services, and to Use the MPCB Products or Services for the sole and exclusive purposes of connecting to and Using the MPCB Products or Services for your personal or internal business purposes in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use.
We reserve all other rights to the MPCB Products or Services.
You may Use a license for the MPCB Products or Services with only one computer at a time unless the MPCB Products or Services you Use are explicitly designed and marketed to operate on more than one computer at a time concurrently.
==========
The type of license you have (including such variables as whether the license permits use of MPCB Products or Services on more than one computer, whether the licenses fees are based on the number of computers, volume of data, or both, and the length of the Subscription Periods, etc.) is set forth as part of the MPCB Product or Service description available at www.mypcbackup.com.
Should your license for the MPCB Product or Services you Use be designed for only one computer at a time you may transfer your license to another computer in the event that you cease to use the computer on which MPCB Software was originally installed.
If you wish to protect multiple computers, you must obtain a separate paid license for each computer or you must obtain a multi-computer license which will be applicable to the number of computers stated in such license.
You may not sub-license, or charge others to Use or access the MPCB Products or Services and you may not redistribute the MPCB Products or Services or provide others with access to or Use of them, unless you have entered into a separate Reseller Agreement or other agreement with MPCB that expressly authorizes you to engage in this activity.
Without limiting the forgoing, you will not permit others to Use the MPCB Products or Services to access or decrypt data stored on servers provided by MPCB or MPCB Affiliates; you will not Use or permit others to Use the MPCB Products or Services to decrypt data encrypted by others; and you will not Use or permit others to Use the MPCB Products or Services to provide encryption or decryption services to others, whether or not such services are compensated.
==========
(b) Trial Licenses.You may have received as part of your MPCB license the opportunity to extend the expiration date of your license or trial through the Use of various marketing codes.
If you do not enter these codes at the time you purchase your license or start your trial license, MPCB will not add this additional time to your license or trial at a later date.
If you received a free trial or evaluation license for which you have not paid a license fee, MPCB grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited license to Use the MPCB Software during the trial or evaluation period in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use.
If you wish to protect multiple computers with a free trial or evaluation license, you must obtain a separate license for each computer or you must obtain a multi-computer license which will be applicable to the number of computers stated in such license.
You may only install one free trial or evaluation license in each calendar year per computer.
==========
(c) Renewals.You agree that MPCB shall have the right to automatically and without notice renew your license to continue to Use the MPCB Products or Services upon expiration of your then-current license, and that as part of such renewal MPCB shall have the right to charge the applicable renewal fees and any applicable taxes, which may be different than those you paid when you initially purchased or last renewed your license for MPCB Products or Services to any credit card you used to purchase your then-current license.
You agree that if you elect to not permit MPCB the right to automatically renew your license to Use MPCB Products or Services or your credit card information on file with MPCB does not permit automatic renewal, then MPCB may terminate your license if you do not otherwise renew your license.
(d) Cancellation of Renewals.You may cancel a renewal of a license only on the following terms: You may not Use MPCB Products or Services for any unlawful purpose.
If your most recent original or renewal license of MPCB Products or Services was for a period of greater than thirty (30) days, you have thirty (30) days from the date that your license was last renewed to elect to discontinue your Use of MPCB Products or Services.
If you elect to discontinue your Use of MPCB Products or Services within this period, you will be issued a full refund for the amount of your license renewal.
If your most recent original or renewal license of MPCB Products or Services was for a period of greater than 30 days, and you beyond your original or renewal 30 days of that period, you shall will not be entitled to a refund.
In addition all sales are final and not subject to a refund for the following products multiple computer extra, priority support, additional support, increased bandwidth and other additional products that may be offered from time to time by MPCB.
That do not fall within the initial package purchased by you.
All extras are concerned one time purchases for the period you selected and will not be eligible for a refund.
in addition all sales are final and not subject to a refund for the following products: Should you fail to pay amounts invoiced and due within seven (7) days of being invoiced, or should your payment be otherwise rejected or denied, then MPCB may at its sole discretion begin collection proceedings to recover any and all amounts due.
Should MPCB elect to refer your past due obligations for collection proceedings you will also become responsible for any costs associated with said collections and shall pay MPCB the greater of the then permissible interest rate on the past due balance or 1.5% per month calculated and due on a monthly basis.
==========
You are responsible for ensuring that MPCB has current and accurate records necessary, to renew your license, including without limitation, credit card data.
(e) Updates.MPCB may in its sole discretion provide automatic updates to the MPCB Products or Services.
These updates may not be consistent across all platforms and computers; and the performance and features offered by MPCB may vary depending on your computer and other equipment.
You agree that we may automatically check your version of the MPCB Software and automatically update the MPCB Software on your computer.
You agree to accept and to take no action to interfere with such automatic updates, scanning, and related activities and services.
If you shut down your computer or the MPCB Software during an automatic update or otherwise interfere with the installation of the update, the software may be damaged and/or cease to operate.
==========
(f) Refunds.By purchasing a license, you acknowledge that you are aware of the opportunity to "try before you buy" by using a free or evaluation MPCB Product or Service.
MPCB offers a full  pro-rated anytime money back guarantee for MPCB Products or Services.
(g) Chargebacks:Please do not attempt a chargeback.
==========
We will make every effort to assist you, please contact support@mypcbackup.com.
(h) Duration of Agreement.You agree that you shall be bound by these Terms & Conditions of Use beginning on the earlier of when you first install MPCB Products or Services or when you first agree to the MPCB Terms and Conditions of Use until the later of the dates when (i) your license and any renewal thereof terminates, ii) your Backup Data is deleted, or iii) you have your last contact with MPCB for customer support.
7.
Assignment and Delegation by MPCB

MPCB may, in its sole discretion, transfer or assign all or any part of its rights in the MPCB Software, the MPCB Products or Services, and any license or contract related thereto, and may delegate all or any portion of its duties, if any, under any such MPCB Products or Services, licenses, or other contracts.
8.
==========
No Transfers or Modifications by You

You may not sell, assign, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the MPCB Products or Services, nor incorporate them (or any portion of them) into another product or service.
You may not copy the MPCB Products or Services.
You may not translate, reverse-engineer or reverse-compile or decompile, disassemble, make derivative works from, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code in the MPCB Software or decrypt any files that are not associated with your computer.
==========
You may not modify the MPCB Software or use it in any way not expressly authorized by these Terms and Conditions of Use.
You may not obtain the communications protocol for accessing the MPCB Products.
You may not authorize or assist any third party to do any of the foregoing.
9.
==========
Protection of Files

You are solely responsible for protecting the information on your computer such as by installing anti-virus software, updating your applications, password protecting your files, and not permitting third party access to your computer.
You understand that the MPCB Products or Services may back-up files that are no longer usable due to corruption from viruses, software malfunctions or other causes.
This might result in you restoring files that are no longer usable.
10.
==========
Retention or Deletion of Backup Data and Personal Information

MPCB Software saves to a server operated by MPCB or a MPCB Affiliate an encrypted copy of each file you designate.
The MPCB Software scans for changes or additions to these files and then periodically creates an encrypted copy of a modified or newly designated file.
You will not be able to restore files that MPCB has not completed copying, files that have been changed but not yet been backed up, or files or folders or disc drives that are not eligible for back up.
==========
MPCB does not maintain a secondary copy of your data that you have Backed Up to our servers.
Should your data be lost by MPCB we will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to create a replacement back-up from the files stored on your computer.
If your license to Use MPCB Products or Services expires, is terminated, is not renewed, or is otherwise discontinued for any reason, MPCB and the MPCB Affiliates may, without notice, delete or deny you access to any of your Backup Data that may remain in our possession or control.
You agree that if i) you mark a file to no longer be backed-up, ii) you delete a file from your computer, iii) move a file to a location on your computer that is not marked for back-up, iv) you delete a computer from your MPCB Products or Services account, v) your computer is unable to access MPCB, or vi) you terminate or allow your trial or license to terminate, non-renew, or otherwise lapse for any reason, that the files you have marked, deleted, moved or stored on a deleted, inaccessible, or unlicensed computer may not be available to you should you wish to restore them.
You agree that MPCB and MPCB Affiliates may retain (but shall have no obligation to retain) your Backup Data for a period after your trial or license has been terminated, expired, or otherwise lapsed, as part of MPCB's marketing to you of the opportunity to purchase, renew, or extend a license.
You also agree that MPCB may retain your Personal Information and related account information for a reasonable time after your license has been terminated.
11.
Customer Support

MPCB may, in its sole discretion, provide customer support or service to you.
This service may be available only on selected days and during a limited number of hours.
Service may also only be made available through certain delivery vehicles such as email or telephone and some services may only be available for the payment of an additional fee or charge.
==========
As part of the delivery of services, MPCB may employ a variety of tools to aid in the process of resolving your issues as a user.
You grant MPCB the right to use these tools and hold MPCB harmless for the use of these tools as well as the guidance provided by its customer support staff who, you acknowledge, cannot be fully aware of all of the complexities associated with the MPCB Products or Services, your computer, or all of the related or associated infrastructure that may affect the performance of your systems or the encryption and backup of your files.
You agree and understand that certain programs, files, information or data you restore may require that you have access to or retain license keys that MPCB may not have backed up and that you will retain any needed copies of such information.
You agree and understand that certain programs, applications or utilities will require configuration in order to access data restored from your MPCB Products or Services and that MPCB has no obligation to assist, and may not be able to assist, you with such configurations.
12.
==========
Restrictions on Access to MPCB Products or Service

You may access MPCB Products or Services only through the interfaces and protocols provided or authorized by MPCB.
You agree that you will not access MPCB Products through unauthorized means, such as unlicensed software clients.
Certain MPCB Products or Services backup only certain types of files.
You agree not to circumvent these limitations in any way, including but not limited to, changing file extensions or header information.
13.
==========
Communications

You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all of the hardware, software, and services that you may need to access and Use MPCB Products or Services.
Without limiting the foregoing, you must pay all charges, taxes, and other costs and fees related to obtaining your own Internet access, telephone, computer, and other equipment, and any communications or other charges incurred by you to access MPCB Products or Services.
14.
==========
Termination and Fair Use Policy

MPCB SHALL HAVE THE ABSOLUTE AND UNILATERAL RIGHT IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION TO DENY USE OF AND ACCESS TO ALL OR ANY PORTION OF MPCB PRODUCTS OR SERVICES TO USERS WHO ARE DEEMED BY MPCB TO BE USING THE MPCB PRODUCTS OR SERVICES IN A MANNER NOT REASONABLY INTENDED BY MPCB OR IN VIOLATION OF LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SUSPENDING OR TERMINATING A USER'S ACCOUNT WITH MPCB AND THE LICENSE TO USE THE MPCB PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
MPCB Products or Services are designed to serve the needs of particular types of users, such as individual consumers or small businesses.
If you have purchased a MPCB Product or Service that is inappropriate for your actual usage, MPCB may require you to switch to an appropriate MPCB Product or Service which may result in your having to pay MPCB additional fees for use of the appropriate product or to terminate your purchased MPCB Products or Services and refund, on a prorated basis, any fees paid you may have paid on the unused portion of your MPCB subscription.
MPCB may, in our sole discretion and from time to time, establish or amend general operating practices to maximize the operation and availability of MPCB Products or Services and to prevent abuses.
==========
As part of these practices, we reserve the right to monitor our system to identify excessive consumption of network resources and to take such technical and other remedies as we deem appropriate.
Your consumption of MPCB Products or Services may be deemed excessive if, within any month, your usage greatly exceeds the average level of monthly usage of MPCB's customers, generally.
In the event you are deemed to have violated this policy, we reserve the right to offer an alternative pricing plan or MPCB Product or Service that will permit you to continue to use MPCB Products or Services.
Although violations of this policy have been infrequent, we reserve the right to terminate or suspend your license to Use MPCB Products or Services and any license to use the MPCB Software, without prior notice in the event of a violation of this policy.
15.
==========
Data Collection, Encryption, Privacy, and Disclosure

MPCB will collect and use Personal Information in accord with the terms of our MPCB Privacy Policy , which is incorporated into and made a part of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
You hereby consent to MPCB's use of your Personal Information under the terms of the MPCB Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.
To provide its services, MPCB Software routinely scans your computer in order to detect new, modified, or deleted data files that require further action to complete backup and restore operations.
==========
MPCB Software also catalogs the number and total storage size of various file types on your computer.
MPCB Software inspects file headers and related information in order to confirm that each file's type is properly represented by its file extension.
The contents of your files are encrypted before they are transmitted to MPCB's data center.
MPCB may have the ability to decrypt your data files.
However, MPCB will not decrypt your files unless i) it reasonably believes that it must do so to troubleshoot problems with the MPCB Services or ii) it reasonably believes it must do so in order to comply with a law, subpoena, warrant, order, or regulation, including, without limitation, the requirement of a certification that complies with 18 U.S.C. - 2703.
MPCB may also provide access to your data to government authorities if MPCB suspects or believes that the data contains child pornography or other prohibited data or that the data is being used for illegal purposes.
You acknowledge that MPCB or MPCB Affiliates may use servers and other equipment to provide the MPCB Products or Services that are located in the United States or in other countries where litigants, law enforcement, courts, and other agencies of the government may have the right to access data stored within their jurisdictions upon terms and conditions provided by local law, and that as a result, they may gain access to your Backup Data as provided by applicable local law.
You may elect to Use MPCB Products or Service that permit you to decrypt and download Backup Data from any Internet enabled computer.
You understand that by electing to access your files from a computer other than the one you used to create the Backup Data, that your Backup Data will be decrypted by MPCB in its data center and sent to you in a decrypted format via public infrastructure.
You acknowledge that this may cause the contents of these files to become accessible to individuals other than you and that you accept this risk.
==========
You further acknowledge that depending upon the MPCB Product or Service you use or the features of the MPCB Product or Service you use, accessing your Backup Data from any Internet enabled computer may not be possible.
16.
Warranties

(a) WARRANTY.
MPCB warrants that the MPCB Products or Services will perform substantially as specified in the applicable MPCB documentation for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of registration or payment.
If you satisfactorily demonstrate to MPCB within such thirty (30) day period that a MPCB Product or Service contains errors, then as MPCB's sole and exclusive liability and as your sole and exclusive remedy, MPCB shall at its sole option either use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the errors reported by you, replace the MPCB Product or Services affected with a substantially conforming product or service, or refund the fee you paid for the MPCB Product or Service and terminate your license under the Terms and Conditions of Use.
MPCB does not warrant the results of its correction or replacement MPCB Products or Services.
Correction or replacement under this Section 16 (Warranties), and the issuance of any corrections, patches, bug fixes, workarounds, extras, enhancements, or updates by MPCB to you, shall not be deemed to begin a new, extended, or additional license, Subscription Period, or warranty period.
(b) DISCLAIMER OF OTHER WARRANTIES.
==========
THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPH IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WRITTEN OR ORAL, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW, OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
MPCB and the MPCB Affiliates do not warrant that the functions contained in the MPCB Products or Services will meet your requirements, that the operation of the MPCB Products or Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects in the MPCB Products or Services will be corrected.
MPCB and MPCB Affiliates do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the MPCB Products or Services in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise.
MPCB and MPCB Affiliates do not represent or warrant that users will be able to access or use the MPCB Products or Services at times or locations of their choosing, or that MPCB and MPCB Affiliates will have adequate capacity for any user's requirements.
No oral or written statement, information or advice given by MPCB, MPCB Affiliates, or their respective employees, distributors, dealers, or agents shall create any warranties in addition to those express warranties set forth in this Section 16 (Warranties).
==========
You may have other statutory rights.
However, to the full extent permitted by law, the duration of statutorily required warranties, if any, shall be limited to the warranty period.
17.
==========
Limitation of Liability

With respect to defects or deficiencies in the MPCB Products or Services, the liability of MPCB and MPCB Affiliates will be limited to performance of its responsibilities under Section 16 (Warranties) above.
With respect to other breaches of contract, the liability of MPCB and MPCB Affiliates shall be limited to your actual damages with respect to the computer affected by the breach, and in no event will such liability exceed the total amount received by MPCB from you under these Terms and Conditions of Use for your current Subscription Period.
IN NO EVENT WILL MPCB, THE MPCB CONTRACTORS, MPCB DISTRIBUTORS OR MPCB SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR OTHER SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE MPCB PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR TO USE OR RETRIEVE ANY BACKUP DATA, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR OTHER CONTRACT BREACH, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORT, OR ON ANY STRICT LIABILITY THEORY, EVEN IF MPCB HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES OR A REMEDY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE.
==========
Neither MPCB nor any MPCB Affiliate assumes any liability to any party other than you arising out of your Use or inability to Use the MPCB Products or Services.
The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the bargain between MPCB and you.
MPCB would not be able to provide the MPCB Products or Services to you without such limitations.
18.
==========
Indemnification

YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS MPCB, MPCB AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ATTORNEYS' FEES, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE MPCB PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AND/OR YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY TERM OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.
Should you bear financial responsibility for payment to MPCB for MPCB Products or Services or have otherwise made payment for MPCB Products or Services, you agree to indemnify any Users of MPCB Products or Services that you have paid for with respect to any and all matters.
If you are a beneficiary of another party having paid for said MPCB Products or Services, whether or not the paying party(s) is a user of MPCB Products and Services, your sole source of recourse, for any and all claims, is to the party that bears financial responsibility to MPCB for MPCB Products and Services.
MPCB RESERVES THE RIGHT, AT ITS OWN EXPENSE AND IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO ASSUME THE EXCLUSIVE DEFENSE AND CONTROL OF ANY MATTER OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU.
IN THAT EVENT, AND ONLY IN SUCH EVENT, YOU SHALL HAVE NO FURTHER OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE A DEFENSE FOR MPCB IN THAT MATTER.
If MPCB chooses to provide its own defense in connection with any matter subject to indemnification under these Terms and Conditions of Use, you shall participate and cooperate in the defense of MPCB and MPCB Affiliates, at your own expense, to the full extent requested by MPCB.
19.
==========
Trademarks, Service Marks, and Other Intellectual Property

All trademarks, service marks or other similar items appearing on the MPCB Products or Service are the property of their respective owners, including, without limitation, MPCB, Inc.
The MPCB Products or Services are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws, title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the MPCB Products or Services and shall remain with MPCB and its licensors.
You agree not to take any action to jeopardize, limit, or interfere in any manner with MPCB's or its licensor's ownership of or rights with respect to the MPCB Products or Services.
20.
==========
U.S. Government Restricted Right

The MPCB Software is a "commercial item" as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212.
Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, all U.S. Government end users acquire the MPCB Software with only those rights set forth therein.
21.
==========
High Risk Activity

You acknowledge and agree that the MPCB Products or Services are not intended for use with any high risk or strict liability activity, including, without limitation, air or space travel, technical building or structural design, power plant design or operation, life support or emergency medical operations or uses, and that MPCB makes no warranty and shall have no liability arising from any Use of the MPCB Products or Services in any high risk or strict liability activities.
22.
Dispute Resolution, Arbitration, Governing Law, and Venue

(a) Arbitration of Domestic (U.S.) Disputes.All disputes arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration conducted before a single arbitrator pursuant to the commercial arbitration rules of Resolute Systems, Inc. that were in force as of April 30, 2008.
Evidentiary hearings and any other proceedings requiring personal attendance of parties or their representatives or witnesses shall be conducted in any U.S. city reasonably designated by the Licensee in the case of individual Licensees who procured the MPCB Products or Services provided for by this Agreement primarily for non-commercial personal, family, or household purposes ("Consumer Licensees"), and in Akron, OH or such other place within the United States as the arbitrator may direct in the case of all other Licensees ("Commercial Licensees").
(b) Arbitration of International Disputes.Notwithstanding the provisions of Subsection 22(a) (Arbitration of Domestic Disputes), any dispute arising under this Agreement that involves a dispute between MPCB and a person who is neither a citizen nor a resident of the United States, shall, at either party's request, be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules, with such arbitration to be conducted in Singapore or such other place as the parties to such arbitration may agree.
(c) Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate.Notwithstanding the provisions of Subsections 22(a) (Arbitration of Domestic Disputes) and 22(b) (Arbitration of International Disputes), disputes pertaining to i) export controls, ii) unlawful Use of the MPCB Products or Services, or iii) the scope, applicability, or compliance with governmental or court-ordered access to or limits on use of Backup Data, shall not be resolved by arbitration, but shall instead by resolved by reference to a judicial or administrative body with jurisdiction over the dispute.
(d) Costs of Arbitration.The administrative expenses, arbitrator fees, and facility charges associated with the arbitration, whether domestic or international, shall be split equally between the parties; provided that, in cases involving Consumer Licensees, the Consumer Licensee shall not be required to bear such expenses, fees, and charges in excess of One Thousand U.S. Dollars ($1,000), and MPCB shall bear the remainder of such expenses, fees, and charges.
Each party shall be solely responsible for its attorney fees, expert witness fees, and other costs, fees, and expenses, except as may otherwise be provided in Section 18 (Indemnification).
==========
(e) Discovery Procedures in Arbitration.The parties shall be entitled to such discovery as is appropriate in the judgment of the arbitrator, in light of the nature and objectives of arbitration and to ensure that each party has an adequate opportunity to determine the factual bases for its claims and defenses.
(f) Class Actions.Class actions and other procedural devices, however denominated, that allow pursuit in a single proceeding of claims of more than one claimant unrelated by blood or marriage shall not be permitted in the case of arbitrations hereunder involving either Consumer Licensees or Commercial Licensees or both.
(g) Form and Effects of Award.The arbitrator shall render a naked award.
Judgment on any arbitral award under this Agreement may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
It is the intent of the parties that neither the award nor any resulting judgments have res judicata (claim preclusion) or collateral estoppel (issue preclusion) effects except as between the parties themselves.
All other provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Ohio, USA, without regard to conflict of laws provisions.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods as well as any other similar law, regulation or statute in effect in any other jurisdiction shall not apply.
==========
23.
Termination, Expiration, Cancellation

(a) Trial and Evaluation Licenses.
If this Agreement pertains to a trial, beta, or evaluation license (such as a license that provides a limited amount or an unlimited amount of back-up for free, for which you have not paid a fee and/or for which you do not pay a fee and associated taxes on or prior to expiration), the license granted under these Terms and Conditions of Use will terminate upon the expiration or cancellation of the trial or evaluation period, when the MPCB Product or Service you are using is no longer made available, six (6) months from the date you first installed the MPCB Product and Service, or when MPCB cancels or terminates the license, whichever is shorter.
You agree to Use the MPCB Products or Services for no longer than the trial or evaluation period unless you enter into another license and pay a license fee and associated taxes as applicable, or MPCB allows your license to roll over for another six (6) month period which MPCB may elect to do at its sole discretion and without notice to you.
(b) All Other Licenses; Limited Term.
Your license will end upon the sooner to occur of (i) expiration of your Subscription Period, (ii) upon your non-renewal of the license, (iii) upon your cancellation of the license, (iv) when MPCB elects to discontinue the product, (v) upon your breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use (if such breach is not cured within the time indicated below in this Section 23 (Termination, Expiration, Cancellation), or (vi) when MPCB cancels or terminates your license, (any such expiration, cancellation, discontinuation, or termination are referred to hereafter as "termination").
==========
(c) Termination for Unlawful or Abusive Use, Other Breach.
MPCB may block your access to your Backup Data and/or terminate your Use of the MPCB Products or Services if MPCB reasonably believes that the Backup Data may contain child pornography or is being used to support other types of illegal activities, if providing MPCB Products or Services to a person located in a particular country would violate U.S. or other applicable law, or if your continued Use of MPCB Products or Services may damage, disable, overburden, or impair our servers or networks.
If you breach these Terms and Conditions of Use, your right to Use the MPCB Products or Services shall automatically terminate if you fail to cure the breach within seven (7) days after notice from MPCB or any of the MPCB Affiliates, unless your breach is due to violations of Section 4 (Lawful Use), Section 8 (No Transfers or Modifications by You), Section 18 (Indemnification), Section 19 (Trademarks), Section 20 (U.S. Government Restrictions), in which case termination will be without notice and without any right to cure.
Upon termination: i) you shall immediately cease any and all Use of the MPCB Products or Services and delete all copies of them; ii) the MPCB Software may be disabled by MPCB without notice to you; and iii) you will no longer have the right to access or retrieve your Backup Data; you hereby grant MPCB at its sole discretion the unrestricted right to delete or retain all such Personal Information and Backup Data at any time after termination, without notice.
==========
24.
Survival

In the event of any termination, expiration, or cancellation, the restrictions on your Use of the Software and the other applicable restrictions as set forth in Section 4 (Lawful Use), Section 6 (MPCB License), Section 8 (No Transfers or Modifications by You), Section 16 (Warranties), Section 17 (Limitation of Liability), Section 18 (Indemnification),Section 19 (Trademarks, Service Marks, and Other Intellectual Property), Section 20 (U.S. Government Restricted Right), Section 21 (High Risk Activity), Section 22 (Dispute Resolution, Governing Law, Venue), Section 24 (Survival), Section 25 (Notice), Section 28 (Limitation on Actions), Section 30 (Miscellaneous) and Section 31 (Severability) shall survive such termination, expiration, or cancellation, and you agree to remain bound by those terms.
25.
==========
Notice

Any notice that may or must be given by MPCB in connection with this Agreement or in connection with the Use of the MPCB Products or Services, may be given by sending it to the email address provided by you upon registering for the MPCB Products or Services or as you may provide from time to time thereafter by modifying your user profile at www.mypcbackup.com.
You are responsible for ensuring that your accurate email address is available to MPCB and provide any needed updates.
MPCB may, in its sole discretion, use other means of providing notice, such as: desktop notification; regular, certified, or registered mail; fax; commercial delivery service; or messenger.
All such notices shall be deemed given when dispatched with payment of delivery charges made or arranged.
==========
You hereby consent to receiving notice by any such means.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, MPCB has no obligation to provide notice or attempt to locate a customer other than through the email address provided.
26.
==========
English Language

These Terms and Conditions of Use were negotiated and written in English.
Any inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions of Use as expressed in English and any other language shall, to the full extent permitted by applicable law, be resolved by reference to the English version.
Les parties ont convenu de rediger cette entente en anglais.
27.
==========
Entire Agreement; Applicability of Terms; Construction; Limit to Modifications; Conflicts in Terms

These Terms and Conditions of Use (including the items incorporated by reference and modifications that may be made from time to time), constitute the entire agreement between MPCB and you regarding MPCB Products or Services, and supersedes all prior agreements between you and MPCB regarding the subject matters hereof.
Any item or service furnished by MPCB in furtherance of these Terms and Conditions of Use, although not specifically identified in them, shall nevertheless be covered by these Terms and Conditions of Use unless specifically covered by some other agreement entered into in written or electronic form between you and us.
Any modification or change in these Terms and Conditions of Use proposed or offered by you shall not become a part of these Terms and Conditions of Use unless accepted in a writing dated after the effective date of the applicable Terms and Conditions of Use and signed by an authorized officer of MPCB.
Should there be any conflict in terms between this Agreement and any other document, the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement shall govern.
Any references that are singular or plural and any references that are masculine, feminine, or neuter in gender, are meant to be used interchangeably as the context of the sentence might imply.
28.
Limitation on Actions

Unless otherwise required by law, an action or proceeding by you to enforce an obligation, duty, or right arising under this Agreement or by law must be commenced within one year after the cause of action accrues.
29.
==========
Copyright Infringement Notification

As provided in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, we have designated the following individual for notification of potential copyright infringement regarding Web sites hosted by MPCB: support@mypcbackup.com.
If you believe content hosted by MPCB infringes a copyright, please provide the following information to the person identified above (17 U.S.C. 512): (i) A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or authorized agent; (ii) Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed; (iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) Information regarding how we may contact you (e.g., mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address); (v) A statement that the copyright owner or its authorized agent has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and made under penalty of perjury, and, if an agent is providing the notification, a statement that the agent is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
30.
==========
Miscellaneous

You agree to reimburse MPCB for any costs or fees related to its enforcement of this Agreement, including without limitation the expert fees and attorney fees regularly charged by the experts and legal counsel chosen by MPCB.
MPCB is not responsible for misprints, errors or omissions in its advertising and promotional materials.
If you have designated a person (whether by email, orally, by registering such person with MPCB, by granting such person access to your username and password or by having your computer registered for MPCB Products or Services where another party is paying for the backup of your files) to have access to your Backup Data, you hereby authorize MPCB to give such designated person access to your Backup Data, including without limitation in the event of your death or incapacity.
31.
==========
Severability

This Agreement will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
If for any reason any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law to any extent, then (i) such provision will be interpreted, construed, or reformed to the extent reasonably required to render it valid, enforceable, and consistent with the original intent underlying such provision and ii) such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement and all such provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
32.
==========
No Waiver

The Company reserves its right to take all legal steps available to enforce these Terms and Conditions of Use.
The Company's failure to enforce these Terms and Conditions of Use in every instance in which they might apply, or the failure to require at any time performance of any provisions of this Agreement, will in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provisions or of the Company's rights to enforce such provisions.
No waiver of any provisions of this or any other Agreement with the Company shall be effective unless expressly stated to be such in writing and signed by both parties.
33.
==========
Billing Process

Some licenses for MPCB Products or Services are based on the number of computers registered, the volume of storage used, or both, as well as for ancillary or related services.
Where your license fees are based in full or in part upon the amount of storage you use, your bill for MPCB Products or Services will be based upon the greater of the storage amount shown on your computer or the storage amount maintained by MPCB, excluding the benefits of any data compression, file duplication or similar techniques performed by MPCB.
The calculation of a storage bill will be based upon the price(s) for the MPCB Products or Service licensed and may be based upon the average storage used during the Subscription Period, the storage as of the end of the Subscription Period, or another storage measure taken during the Subscription Period, depending on which services you have selected at the time of registration or renewal.
Should MPCB bill you for your MPCB Product or Service on a monthly or periodic basis you agree that MPCB will bill you exclusively in full month or periodic increments and that there will be no billing for partial months or periods for any reason.
Any amounts billed are fully due and payable at the time the bill is rendered to you.
34.
==========
Billing Issues

You must notify us about any billing problems or discrepancies within sixty (60) days after they first appear on the statement you receive from your bank or credit card company or other billing company.
Send such notification to us at the MPCB Contact Information indicated in Section 35 (MPCB Contact Information) below.
If you do not bring such problems or discrepancies to our attention within that sixty (60) day period, you agree that you waive the right to dispute such problems or discrepancies.
35.
==========
Managing Your MPCB Product or Service

You acknowledge and agree that where MPCB licenses MPCB Products or Services to an entity or organization, or where an entity or organization makes the MPCB Products or Services available to you, the entity or organization so licensed or giving you access may grant multiple individuals rights related to the management and Use of the MPCB Products or Services and the Backup Data, without any notice to you.
These rights may enable one or more persons to: view, access or change Backup Data or Personal Information; determine who can access the account, Backup Data, and Personal Information; determine who is responsible financially for the account; and other similar actions.
36.
MPCB Contact information

If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at support@mypcbackup.com.
Although we strongly prefer email communication, you may also send regular postal mail to:

MyPCBackup
Unit 6, Fulcrum 2

Solent Way, Whiteley

Hampshire

PO15 7FN

United Kingdom
==========
