We at Marriott International Inc. and its U.S. subsidiaries (“MI”) respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship we have with you.
MI has created this Safe Harbor Privacy Statement to explain how we handle customer, guest, supplier Personal Information that is collected by our Affiliates, our Marriott Rewards program, and hotels operating under the brands listed below, located in the European Economic Area and Switzerland (collectively the “EEA”) and transferred to MI in the United States.
Our brands are:

AC Hotels
Autograph Collection
Bulgari Hotels and Resorts
Courtyard
Edition
JW Marriott
Marriott Executive Apartments
Moxy
Renaissance
Residence Inn
The Ritz-Carlton


 

This Safe Harbor Privacy Policy supplements the Marriott Global Privacy Statement.
Unless specifically defined in this policy, the terms in this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in our Global Privacy Statement.
MI has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view MI ’s certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
==========
Notice:MI may receive information from our Affiliates, managed hotels and franchisees in the EEA and Switzerland including name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number or other payment account information, reservation information, preferences, and stay information (collectively, "Personal Information”).
Any Personal Information sent to us may be used by MI for the purposes indicated in Marriott’s Customer Privacy Policy.
Personal Information will also be used to provide hotel accommodations and related service requests, to provide guests with more personalized services, for billing and collection, to invite guests to participate in guest satisfaction and research surveys, for administrative purposes such as fraud prevention purposes, conducting contests, tracking which parts of the website are of interest to users, processing prizes, managing our business and compliance with legal obligations.
MI may also transfer Personal Information to its Affiliates and Authorized Licensees.
==========
Choice: If we intend to use your information for a purpose that is incompatible with these purposes or if we intend to disclose it to a type of third party not previously identified, we will notify you and offer you the opportunity to opt out of such uses and/or disclosures where it involves non-sensitive information or opt-in where sensitive information is involved.
Onward Transfer:
We may share Personal Information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf.
Service providers are restricted from using the Personal Information for purposes other than providing the services to us.
We require service providers to whom we disclose Personal Information and who are not subject to the Data Protection Directive or Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection, or another adequacy finding, to either (i) subscribe to the Safe Harbor principles or (ii) contractually agree to provide at least the same level of protection for Personal Information as is required by the relevant Safe Harbor principles.
==========
Security: We use reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity:  MI takes reasonable steps to make sure Personal Information we process is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.
Access to Personal Information, Questions or complaints:
MI provides job applicants, guests, customers, suppliers and others with reasonable access to the Personal Information maintained about them.
We also provide a reasonable opportunity to correct, amend or delete that information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
We may limit or deny access to Personal Information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Safe Harbor principles.
To obtain access to Personal Information,  guests, customers, suppliers and others may contact MI by sending an email to the Marriott Information Protection & Privacy department at privacy@marriott.com or privacy@ritzcarlton.com or send a letter to:


Marriott International, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department, Global Compliance Dept. 52/923.23
10400 Fernwood Road
Bethesda, MD 20817
United States of America

The Ritz Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C.
Attn: Legal Department, Global Compliance
4445 Willard Avenue, Suite 800
Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815


Enforcement and Dispute Resolution:
Guests, customers, suppliers and others who interact with our operations in the EEA and Switzerland may file a complaint with our Privacy Office in connection with MI's processing of their Personal Information under the Safe Harbor principles.
If the complaint cannot be resolved though our internal process, we will cooperate with the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org) dispute resolution program.
We will take steps to remedy any problems arising out of a failure to comply with the Safe Harbor principles.
==========
How to Contact Us: You may address all communications to Marriott EU and Swiss Data Protection, PO Box 65749, Salt Lake City, UT 84165-0749 USA, or fax to 001-801-832-4510, or send an e-mail to privacy@marriott.com or privacy@ritzcarlton.com.
Please include your name, address, e-mail address and Marriott Rewards and or Ritz Carlton Rewards number (if applicable) in all communications and state clearly the nature of your request.
Last updated on March 31, 2016.
==========
