Background:
Sift Science helps online businesses detect and
address malicious behavior on their services.
For example, criminals
sometimes use stolen credit cards to purchase goods fraudulently.
That
hurts both the business, since they may ship goods and never get paid
for them, as well as the cardholder, who ends up with charges they
never authorized on their account.
==========
In order to help prevent this and
other kinds of harmful activity, we collect information about how
users interact with our customers’ services.
The following Sift
Science Privacy Notice outlines what information we collect, how we
use and disclose it, and who to contact if you have questions.
Sift Science Privacy Notice


Last Updated: May 2, 2012



Sift Science provides fraud and risk analytics services (the
"Service") to our customers.
We have created this privacy notice
("Privacy Notice") to describe our data collection and dissemination
practices for the Service.
The terms "Sift Science," "we," "us," and
"our" refer to Sift Science, Inc. and its affiliates.
The term
"customer" refers to any company that uses all or a portion of the
Service.
The term "user" refers to any user transacting with or
otherwise using products or services offered by a customer.
==========
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time.
If we do so, we
will update the "Last Updated" date above.
Users should revisit this
page to stay aware of any changes.
==========
Continued use of our customers’
products or services that use the Service constitutes agreement to
the then-current version of this Privacy Notice and any future
revisions.
Collection of Data

To help our customers detect and prevent fraudulent or abusive
online practices, we collect and analyze information related to
users in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Pursuant to our
customers’ requests, we may collect a variety of personal
information related to use of the customers’ services by their
users.
==========
This personal information may include, without limitation,
the user’s IP address, username, user ID, or other unique
identifiers from the customer’s systems, device ID, user agent,
messages, and comments the user submits through a customer’s service
(including the contents of private messages and the recipient of
such messages), pages viewed, items viewed, bid on, placed in a
shopping cart, or purchased by the user through the customer’s
system, transaction information (including price paid, billing
method, address, and bank identification number), feedback a user
may submit, as well as other site-specific metadata.
Our customers
may also provide us with additional data regarding user
transactions, such as whether or not a chargeback was issued.
To
facilitate our collection of information about user transactions and
other user activities, our customers may integrate their websites
and services with the Service through our proprietary application
programming interface.
Our customers may also embed Javascript code
into page loads, which instructs users’ web browsers to make web
requests back to our servers to collect information about user
viewings and general usage of pages on the customer’s service, as
well as automatically collected data (as described below).
Automatically Collected Data:
We may employ different types of technology, including standard log
files, cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies, to
automatically log certain information from users’ Web browsers about
the configuration of users’ computers, mobile devices, and web
browsers, inform us of referring URLs and otherwise inform us about
users’ use of our customers’ services, such as user preferences.
==========
Cookies Information:
One form of "automatically collected" information we may record
is information stored by "cookies" – small text files containing
a string of alphanumeric characters.
When a user accesses a
customer’s service, we may send one or more cookies to the
user’s computer.
By sending users cookies with values that are
unique to them, we may be able to uniquely identify a user’s web
browser or device when a user accesses any of our customers’
services that use our Service.
We may use both "session" and
"persistent" cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track
various types of information.
A session cookie is one that
disappears after the user closes his browser.
While a persistent
cookie remains after the user closes his browser (and may be
used by the user’s browser when the user later returns to the
service), persistent cookies generally can be removed.
Users can
review the "Help" file in their Web browsers or mobile devices
to learn the proper way to modify their cookie settings.
==========
Identification Technology:
Much of the information we collect, both from our customers and
directly from their users, when combined, may enable us to
uniquely identify users’ computing devices or browsers when they
access our customer’s websites or other services over the
Internet.
This means that even if a user were to disable
cookies, we may still be able to identify the user’s web browser
or device on the Internet when the user accesses any of our
customers’ services that use our Service.
For example, when a
user’s browser communicates with our Service, in addition to
sending the Service the user’s IP address and any
device-specific identifiers, the browser may provide us certain
configuration information about the browser and the operating
system within which the browser operates such as the specific
version of the browser, plug-ins the browser supports, and other
properties of the user’s computer and browser.
Since the
information we receive typically varies from user to user, we
may be able to uniquely identify a device or browser based on
this information when the device or browser accesses sites and
services that are linked with our Service.
Use and Disclosure of Data

We use our proprietary analytics algorithms to analyze the data that
we collect as described above.
Based on this analysis, we provide
our customers with a weighted score reflecting an approximation of
the relative risk that a particular user transaction or other user
activity may be unauthorized or fraudulent ("Risk Score").
We may
combine and analyze data related to a user from multiple sources,
including without limitation multiple customers, to compute a more
comprehensive Risk Score or otherwise operate, develop, enhance,
maintain, support, and provide the Service and our other products
and services.
==========
Except as provided in this Privacy Notice, we do not
sell or disclose to third parties the data pertaining to users that
we collect from a customer or directly from the user ("Raw Data").
We do not claim an ownership right in Raw Data.
We may use Raw Data
for our internal business purposes in operating, developing,
enhancing, maintaining, supporting, and providing the Service and
our other products and services, including to other customers.
All
analytical results and Risk Scores that we generate through or in
connection with the Service using Raw Data, whether alone or in
combination with data from other sources, are and will remain our
property and may be used and disclosed by us in our discretion.
==========
We
will not sell, distribute, or otherwise disclose any Raw Data to any
third party, except to third parties that provide services to help
us manage and provide the Service and as described below under
"Business Transfers" and "To Protect Our Interests."
We require our
third party service providers to agree to only use the Raw Data we
disclose to them in accordance with our privacy policies and for no
other purpose than to provide us necessary services.
We may store,
analyze, and use Raw Data in the United States or any other country
in which we or any of our third party service providers operate.
Our
customers are responsible for ensuring and maintaining their
compliance with their privacy policies and other applicable terms or
policies, third party contracts, rights of privacy, and any other
applicable laws or regulations in connection with their use of the
Service.
Business Transfers:
We may disclose and otherwise transfer
Raw Data to an acquirer, or to a successor or assignee, as part
of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of all or a
portion of our assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the
event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which
Raw Data is transferred to one or more third parties as one of
our business assets.
To Protect our Interests:
We also may disclose Raw Data if we believe that doing so is
legally required or is in our interest to protect our property
or other legal rights (including, but not limited to,
enforcement of our agreements), or the rights or property of
others, or otherwise to help protect the safety or security of
our Service or of other persons, entities, facilities, or
equipment.
Security

We have implemented physical, technical, and managerial safeguards
in an effort to protect Raw Data from unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
==========
Despite our efforts,
however, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of the
information we collect from our customers or users or that such
information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed
by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial
safeguards.
Customer Policies

We encourage our customers to describe their use of the Service and
other technologies that collect user information in privacy notices
that are displayed to users.
If users object to our customers’ use
of the Service or our collection, use, or disclosure of their data
as described in this Privacy Notice, they should not use any of our
customers’ products or services that utilize the Service.
International Users

If users use our customers’ products or services from the European
Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data
collection and use that may differ from laws of the United States or
other applicable jurisdictions, then those users understand that
they are transferring their information outside of those
jurisdictions to the United States or other jurisdictions for the
uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
By
using our customers’ products or services that utilize the Service,
such users consent to that transfer.
Contact Information

Please contact Sift Science with any questions or comments about
this Privacy Notice or the Service’s collection, use, or disclosure
of user information by email at privacy@siftscience.com.
==========
