Terms of Use


The following Terms of Use outline your obligations when using the 500px website.
You can also review our Privacy Policy, which outlines our obligations and practices towards handling any personal information that you may provide to us.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The web pages available at 500px.
com, and all linked pages ("Site"), are owned and operated by 500px, a Toronto company, and is accessed by you under the Terms of Use described below ("Terms of Use").
==========
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES.
BY ACCESSING THIS SITE OR USING ANY PART OF THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT OR SERVICES (AS EACH IS DEFINED BELOW) ON THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BECOME BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS THE SITE OR USE THE CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES IN THE SITE.
==========
500PX'S ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS; IF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER BY 500PX, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS.
MODIFICATIONS OF TERMS OF USE
500px reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace the Terms of Use at any time.
If the alterations constitute a material change to the Terms of Use, 500px will notify you by posting an announcement on the Site.
What constitutes a "material change" will be determined at 500px's sole discretion, in good faith and using common sense and reasonable judgment.
You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.
Use of the Services by you following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use as modified.
==========
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Subject to full compliance with the Terms of Use, 500px may offer to provide certain services and content, as described more fully on the Site, ("Services").
Services shall include, but not be limited to, any service and content 500px performs for you, as well as the offering of any materials displayed, transmitted or performed on the Site or through the Services (including, but not limited to text, user comments, messages, information, data, graphics, news articles, photographs, images, illustrations, software, also known as the "Content").
500px may change, suspend or discontinue the Services including any Content for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any feature or content.
500px may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
As a condition to using Services, you are required to register with 500px and select a password and screen name ("500px User ID").
==========
You shall provide 500px with accurate, complete, and updated registration information.
Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of the Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your 500px account.
You may not (i) select or use as a 500px User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as a 500px User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as a 500px User ID a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
500px reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a 500px User ID in its discretion.
You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your 500px password.
==========
Services are available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old, whether acting on their own behalf or as an authorized employee or representative of a corporation or other business entity.
If you do not so qualify, do not attempt to register for or use the Services.
USER CONDUCT
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or any other purpose not reasonably intended by 500px.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree not to use the Services:

to abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate other 500px users;
to post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any Content that is infringing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive, profane, or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party;
for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
If you are an international user, you agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content;
to post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any 500px user;
to create or submit unwanted email ("Spam") to any other 500px users or any URL;
to violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws);
with the exception of accessing RSS feeds, you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without our express written permission.
Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site;
with the intention of artificially inflating or altering the votes count, blog count, comments, or any other 500px service, including by way of creating separate user accounts for the purpose of artificially altering 500px's services; giving or receiving money or other remuneration in exchange for votes; or participating in any other organized effort that in any way artificially alters the results of 500px's services;
to advertise to, or solicit, any user to buy or sell any products or services.
It is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Services in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any user without their prior explicit consent;
attempt to impersonate another user or person;
sell or otherwise transfer your profile.
==========
IN ADDITION, YOU HEREBY AGREE THAT YOU SHALL NOT USE THE SERVICE ON BEHALF OF (OR PER THE REQUEST OR INSTRUCTION OF) ANY THIRD PARTY.
FURTHERMORE, YOU SHALL NOT REQUEST THAT ANY THIRD PARTY, OR PAY OR OTHERWISE ATTEMPT TO INFLUENCE ANY THIRD TO, MANIPULATE OR OTHERWISE AFFECT THE SITE IN ANY MANNER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BY PAYING ANY OTHER USER TO "500PX" ANY CONTENT).
500px may remove any Content and 500px accounts at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content), or for no reason at all.
To report Terms of Use abuse, please email: info@500px.com

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Site.
==========
500px reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users.
CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE SERVICE
By submitting any content to 500px, with exception of your photographs or photographs of others, that are copyrighted, you warrant that you own all rights to the content, agree that the content will be dedicated to the public domain under the Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication, and that you will not object to the use of the content by 500px in any context.
By submitting photographic or graphic works to 500px at Upload page to your profile you agree that this content fully or partially may be used on 500px web-site for promotional reasons (such as photos at home page).
By doing so, 500px will comply with Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial 2.5 Canada license.
By uploading your photographic or graphic works to 500px you retain full rights that you had prior to uploading.
==========
We will do our best at protecting copyright, see next section for details.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
500px respects the intellectual property of others.
It is company's policy to respond expeditiously to claims of copyright and other intellectual property infringement.
500px will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under applicable intellectual property laws.
Upon receipt of notices complying or substantially complying with the copyright laws, 500px may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is claimed to be infringing.
500px will terminate access for subscribers and account holders who are repeat infringers.
Notifying 500px of Copyright Infringement: To provide 500px notice of an infringement, you must provide a written communication to the attention of "Copyright Infringement" care of info@500px.com that sets forth the information specified by the copyright laws.
Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is infringing your copyright.
Providing 500px with Counter-Notification: If we remove or disable access to content in response to an infringement notice, we will make reasonable attempts to contact the owner or administrator of the affected site or content.
If you feel that your material does not constitute infringement, you may provide 500px with a counter notification by written communication to the attention of "Copyright Infringement Counter Notification" at info@500px.com that sets forth all of the necessary information required by the copyright act.
Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is not infringing the copyrights of others.
If you are uncertain whether an activity constitutes infringement, we recommended seeking advice of an attorney.
==========
500PX PRIVACY POLICY
500px's current privacy policy is available at 500px.
com/privacy (the "Privacy Policy"), which is incorporated by this reference.
INDEMNITY
You will indemnify and hold harmless 500px, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, customers, vendors, officers and employees from any liability, damage or cost (including reasonable attorneys.
fees and cost) from (i) any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Site, use of the Services, violation of the Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or any third party using your account or 500px User ID, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS
You acknowledge that 500px has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Site or use the Services; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.
You release 500px from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Site or the Services.
The Site or Services may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate.
500px makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Site or Services, and 500px will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Site or the Services.
==========
THE SERVICE, CONTENT, AND SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
LINKS
The Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources.
Because 500px has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that 500px is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
You further acknowledge and agree that 500px shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL 500px OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY (I) WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES (HOWEVER ARISING), OR (II) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) $100.
==========
TERMINATION
500px may terminate or suspend any and all Services and your 500px account immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of the Terms of Use.
Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Services will immediately cease.
If you wish to terminate your 500px account, you may simply discontinue using the Services.
All provisions of the Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
==========
MISCELLANEOUS
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of the Terms of Use and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind 500px in any respect whatsoever.
The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
500px shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond 500px's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference).
If any provision of the Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms of Use shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
The Terms of Use is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with 500px's prior written consent.
500px may transfer, assign or delegate the Terms of Use and its rights and obligations without consent.
==========
The Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario, as if made within Ontario between two residents thereof, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Ontario courts.
In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the Terms of Use, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys' fees.
Both parties agree that the Terms of Use is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of the Terms of Use, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.
==========
TRADEMARKS
500px, 500px.
com, Ruphotography, Ruphotography.ru and other 500px graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or trade dress of 500px in the Canada and/or other countries.
500px's trademarks and trade dress may not be used, including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion.
The images and icons available in the 500px icon pack may used by partner and third party sites in connection with providing appropriate links to the 500px site.
==========
