Condiciones del servicio EspaĆ±ol


		PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE
		FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.
Terms of Use


	Effective date: October 27, 2015


	Welcome to Amino Apps.
Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of the our mobile applications (the "Services").
If you have
any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at:	legal@aminoapps.com, +1-857-400-9196, 12 Ship Street, #7, Medford, MA 02155.
==========
These Terms of Use (the "Terms") are a binding contract between you and Narvii, Inc. ("Narvii," "we" and "us"), the owner of Amino Apps.
You must agree to
	and accept all of the Terms, or you don't have the right to use the Services.
Your using the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these
	Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect while you use the Services.
==========
These Terms include the provisions in this document, as well as those in the
	Privacy Policy [http://narvii.com/privacy] and Copyright Dispute Policy [http://narvii.com/copyright].
Will these Terms ever change?
We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services.
==========
If you don't agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services.
If you use
	the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you
	and us.
==========
What about my privacy?
Narvii takes the privacy of its users very seriously.
For the current Narvii Privacy Policy, please click here.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect
	personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from
	children under 13; if you are a child under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us.
If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a
	child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at legal@aminoapps.com.
What are the basics of using Amino Apps?
==========
You may be required to sign up for an account, and select a password and user name ("User ID").
You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and
	updated registration information about yourself.
You may not select as your User ID a name that you don't have the right to use, or another person's name
	with the intent to impersonate that person.
You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission.
==========
You represent and warrant that you are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you've received your parent's or guardian's
	permission to use the Services and gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf).
You will only use the Services for your own internal, personal, non-commercial use, solely on your behalf or on behalf of an organization you are
	authorized to represent, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you.
If
	your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren't authorized to use the Services.
We can't and won't be responsible for your using
	the Services in a way that breaks the law.
==========
You will not share your account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your account and your password.
You're responsible for any
	activity associated with your account.
Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional restrictions:


	You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not contribute any Content or User Submission (each of those terms is defined below) or otherwise use the
	Services or interact with the Services in a manner that:




			Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including Narvii);
		



			Violates any law or regulation, including any applicable export control laws;
		



			Is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
		



			Jeopardizes the security of your Narvii account or anyone else's (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you);
		



			Attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;
		



			Violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes;
		



			Runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged
			into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services'
			infrastructure);
		



			"Crawls," "scrapes," or "spiders" any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means);
		



			Copies or stores any significant portion of the Content;
		



			Decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services.
A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services.
What are my rights in Amino Apps?
==========
The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos,
	images, illustrations, User Submissions, and so forth (all of the foregoing, the "Content") are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property
	laws.
You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the
	Services, and you won't use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or
	otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates
	someone else's (including Narvii's) rights.
You understand that Narvii owns the Services.
You won't modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly
	provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services.
The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content; please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn't mean that all the
	restrictions above don't apply - they do!
==========
Do I have to grant any licenses to Narvii or to other users?
Anything you post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services is your "User Submission."
Some User Submissions are viewable by other
	users.
In order to display your User Submissions on the Services, and to allow other users to enjoy them (where applicable), you grant us certain rights in
	those User Submissions.
Please note that all of the following licenses are subject to our Privacy Policy [http://narvii.com/privacy] to
	the extent they relate to User Submissions that are also your personally-identifiable information.
==========
For all User Submissions, you hereby grant Narvii a license to translate, modify (for technical purposes, for example making sure your content is viewable
	on an iPhone as well as a computer) and reproduce and otherwise act with respect to such User Submissions, in each case to enable us to operate the
	Services, as described in more detail below.
This is a license only - your ownership in User Submissions is not affected.
If you store a User Submission in your own personal Narvii account, in a manner that is not viewable by any other user except you (a "Personal User
	Submission"), you grant Narvii the license above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Personal User Submission for the sole
	purpose of making that Personal User Submission accessible to you and providing the Services necessary to do so.
If you share a User Submission only in a manner that only certain specified users can view (for example, a private message to one or more other users)(a
	"Limited Audience User Submission"), then you grant Narvii the licenses above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Limited
	Audience User Submission for the sole purpose of making that Limited Audience User Submission accessible to such other specified users, and providing the
	Services necessary to do so.
Also, you grant such other specified users a license to access that Limited Audience User Submission, and to use and exercise
	all rights in it, as permitted by the functionality of the Services.
If you share a User Submission publicly on the Services and/or in a manner that more than just you or certain specified users can view, or if you provide
	us (in a direct email or otherwise) with any feedback, suggestions, improvements, enhancements, and/or feature requests relating to the Services (each of
	the foregoing, a "Public User Submission"), then you grant Narvii the licenses above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Public
	User Submission for the purpose of making that Public User Submission accessible to all Narvii users and providing the Services necessary to do so, as well
	as all other rights necessary to use and exercise all rights in that Public User Submission in connection with the Services and/or otherwise in connection
	with Narvii's business, provided that Narvii will try to notify you if it uses your Public User Submission for any reason other than displaying it on the
	Services.
Also, you grant all other users of the Services a license to access that Public User Submission, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as
	permitted by the functionality of the Services.
You agree that the licenses you grant are royalty-free, perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable, and worldwide.
Finally, you understand and agree that Narvii, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users (including you), may need to
	make changes to your User Submissions to conform and adapt those User Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services,
	or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so.
==========
What if I see something on the Services that infringes my copyright?
You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"), as it relates to online service providers, like Narvii, being asked to remove
	material that allegedly violates someone's copyright.
We respect others' intellectual property rights, and we reserve the right to delete or disable
	Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate the accounts of repeat alleged infringers; to review our complete Copyright Dispute Policy and learn how
to report potentially infringing content, click here [http://narvii.com/copyright].
To learn more about the DMCA, click	here.
Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services?
==========
Any information or content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content
	originated, and you access all such information and content at your own risk, and we aren't liable for any errors or omissions in that information or
	content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it.
We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may
	interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability
	for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services.
We can't guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the
	Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services.
You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so,
	in the manner in which you contribute it.
==========
You will keep all your registration information accurate and current.
You are responsible for all your activity
	in connection with the Services.
The Services may contain links or connections to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Narvii.
When you access third party
	websites or use third party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that Narvii is not responsible for such risks.
==========
We encourage you to
	be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website or service that you visit or
	utilize.
Narvii has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third
	party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services.
In addition, Narvii will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit
	the content of any third party site or service.
By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of
	any third party website or service.
Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any
	other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
You
	should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third
	parties.
==========
You agree that Narvii shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.
If there is a dispute between users of the Services, or between users and any third party, you agree that Narvii is under no obligation to become involved.
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release Narvii, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims,
	demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to
	such disputes and/or our Services.
If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A
	general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release,
	which, if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor."
==========
Will Narvii ever change the Services?
We're always trying to improve the Services, so they may change over time.
We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new
	features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services.
We'll try to give you notice when we make a material
	change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isn't always practical.
Similarly, we reserve the right to remove any Content from the
	Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our
	sole discretion, and without notice.
Does Amino Apps cost anything?
The Services are currently free, but we reserve the right to charge for certain or all Services in the future.
We will notify you before any Services you
	are then using begin carrying a fee, and if you wish to continue using such Services, you must pay all applicable fees for such Services.
What if I want to stop using Amino Apps?
You're free to do that at any time, by contacting us at [support@aminoapps.com]; please refer to our Privacy Policy
	[http://narvii.com/privacy], as well as the licenses above, to understand how we treat information you provide to us after you have stopped using our
	Services.
==========
Narvii is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account, for any reason in our discretion, including your breach
	of these Terms.
Narvii has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms.
Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your
	account.
We will try to provide advance notice to you prior to our terminating your account so that you are able to retrieve any important User Submissions
	you may have stored in your account (to the extent allowed by law and these Terms), but we may not do so if we determine it would be impractical, illegal,
	not in the interest of someone's safety or security, or otherwise harmful to the rights or property of Narvii.
Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination.
By way of example, all of the following will survive
	termination: any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any limitations on our liability, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property
	rights, and terms regarding disputes between us.
==========
I accessed Amino Apps via the Apple App Store - should I know anything about that?
These Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad applications available via the Apple, Inc. ("Apple") App
	Store (the "Application"), but the following additional terms also apply to the Application:




			Both you and Narvii acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and Narvii only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for
			the Application or the Content;
		



			The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with
			the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the
			Services;
		



			You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
		



			You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenanceand support services with respect to the Application;
		



			In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such
			failure; upon notification, Apple's sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
		



			You acknowledge and agree that Narvii, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claimsyou or any third party may have in relation to the
			Application;
		



			You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes
			that third party's intellectual property rights, Narvii, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and
			discharge of any such infringement claim;
		



			You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
			Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
		



			Both you and Narvii acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will complywith any applicable third party terms of agreement
			which may affect or be affected by such use; and
		



			Both you and Narvii acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple's subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your
			acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the
			third party beneficiary hereof.
What else do I need to know?
==========
Warranty Disclaimer.
Neither Narvii nor its licensors or suppliers makes any representations or warranties concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services,
	and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the
	Services.
We (and our licensors and suppliers) make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products
	offered or purchased through the Services.
==========
Products and services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions)
	through the Services are provided "AS IS" and without any warranty of any kind from Narvii or others (unless, with respect to such others only, provided
	expressly and unambiguously in writing by a designated third party for a specific product).
THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY NARVII (AND ITS
	LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
	OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
SOME STATES DO NOT
	ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability
	.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT
	LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NARVII (OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
	CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR
	MALFUNCTION, OR (B) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) $100 OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO NARVII IN CONNECTION WITH THE
	SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM, OR (III) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE
	EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnity
	.
To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, You agree to indemnify and hold Narvii, its affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and partners
	harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising from
	or in any way related to any third party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account),
	and (b) your violation of these Terms.
==========
Assignment
	.
You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law
	or otherwise) without Narvii's prior written consent.
We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent.
==========
Choice of Law; Arbitration
	.
These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions
	thereof.
Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms shall be finally settled in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, in English,
	in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") then in effect, by one
	commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the
	appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules.
Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of
	competent jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other
	equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction.
For all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction
	and venue in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, Suffolk County, Massachusetts.
Any arbitration under these Terms will take place on an individual basis: class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND
		AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND NARVII ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
==========
Miscellaneous
	.
You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your
	activity in connection with the Services, provided that the Narvii may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it
	sees fit.The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
If any
	provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that
	these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
You and Narvii agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement
	of the mutual understanding between you and Narvii, and that it supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other
	understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint
	venture of Narvii, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Narvii in any respect whatsoever.
Except as expressly set forth in the section
	above regarding the Apple Application, you and Narvii agree there are no third party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.
==========
POR FAVOR TEN EN CUENTA QUE TU USO DE Y EL ACCESO A NUESTROS SERVICIOS (DEFINIDOS A CONTINUACIóN) ESTáN SUJETOS A LOS SIGUIENTES TÈRMINOS; SI NO ESTAS DE
	ACUERDO CON TODO LO SIGUIENTE, NO PODRáS UTILIZAR O INGRESAR A LOS SERVICIOS DE CUALQUIER FORMA.
Tèrminos de uso


	Fecha de entrada en vigencia: 27 de Octubre del 2015


	Bienvenido a Amino Apps.
Por favor sigue leyendo para conocer las reglas y restricciones que regulan tu uso de nuestras aplicaciones móviles (los
"Servicios").
Si tienes algunas preguntas, comentarios o preocupaciones respecto a estos tèrminos o los Servicios, por favor contáctanos en:	legal@aminoapps.com, +1-857-400-9196, 12 Ship Street, #7, Medford, MA 02155.
Estos Tèrminos de Uso (los "Tèrminos") son un contrato vinculante entre Narvii, Inc.
Y tu ("Narvii," "nosotros" y "nosotros"), el propietario de Amino
	Apps.
Debes estar de acuerdo con y aceptar todos los Tèrminos o no tienes el derecho de usar los Servicios.
Tu uso de los Servicios de cualquier forma,
	significa que estás de acuerdo con todos estos Tèrminos y estos Tèrminos se mantendrán vigentes mientras utilices los Servicios.
Estos Tèrminos incluyen
	las disposiciones contenidas en este documento, así como tambièn aquellos contenidos en las Políticas de Privacidad [http://narvii.com/privacy] y La
	Política de Disputa de Derechos Reservados [http://narvii.com/copyright].
¿Alguna vez cambiarán estos Tèrminos?
Estamos constantemente tratando de mejorar nuestros Servicios, así que estos Tèrminos pueden necesitar cambiar junto con los Servicios.
Nos reservamos el
	derecho de cambiar los Tèrminos en cualquier momento, pero si lo hacemos, llamaremos tu atención a travès de los Servicios (por ejemplo, publicando una
	notificación), enviándote un correo electrónico, y/o por algunos otros medios.
Si no estás de acuerdo con los nuevos Tèrminos, eres libre de rechazarlos; desafortunadamente, eso significa que ya no podrás utilizar los Servicios.
Si
	usas los Servicios de cualquier forma despuès de un cambio de los Tèrminos se hace efectivo, eso significa que estás de acuerdo con todos los cambios.
Excepto cambios hechos por nosotros descritos aquí, ninguna otra enmienda o modificación de estos Tèrminos será efectiva a menos que estèn por escrito y
	firmados por ambos, tú y nosotros.
¿Què sucede con mi privacidad?
Narvii toma muy en serio la privacidad de sus usuarios.
Para la Política de Privacidad actual de Narvii, por favor haz click aquí


	La Ley de Protección contra la Privacidad En Línea de los Niños ("COPPA") exige que los proveedores de servicios en línea obtengan el consentimiento de los
	padres antes de que conscientemente recolecten información personalmente identificable en línea de los niños menores de 13 años de edad.
Si eres un niño
	menor de 13 de años de edad, por favor no intentes registrarte en los Servicios o enviarnos ninguna información personal sobre ti a nosotros.
Si
	descubrimos que hemos recolectado información personal de un niño menor de 13 años de edad, borraremos esa información lo más rápido posible.
Si crees que
	un niño menor de 13 años de edad nos ha proporcionado información personal, por favor contáctanos en legal@aminoapps.com.
¿Cuáles son los aspectos básicos de utilizar Amino Apps?
Se te puede solicitar iniciar sesión en una cuenta y seleccionar una contraseña y un nombre de usuario ("ID de Usuario").
Prometes proporcionarnos
	información precisa, completa y actualizada sobre ti.
No puedes seleccionar como tu ID de Usuario, un nombre que no tienes el derecho de usar, o el nombre
	de otra persona con la intención de personificar esa persona.
No puedes transferir tu cuenta a nadie sin nuestro permiso previo por escrito.
Tú representas y garantizas que eres un individuo con edad legal para formar un contrato vinculante (o si no, has recibido el permiso de tu padre o de tu
	tutor para utilizar los Servicios y has hecho que tu padre o tu tutor estèn de acuerdo con estos Tèrminos en tu representación).
Solo utilizarás los Servicios para tu uso propio interno y no comercial, solamente en tu nombre o en representación de una organización por la que estás
	autorizada a representar, y no en nombre de o para el beneficio de algún tercero y solamente de una forma en que cumpla con todas las leyes aplicables a
	ti.
Si tu uso de los Servicios es prohibido por las leyes aplicables, entonces no estás autorizado a utilizar los Servicios.
No podemos y no seremos
	responsables de tu uso de los Servicios en una forma en que rompa la ley.
No compartirás tu cuenta o contraseña con nadie y debes proteger la seguridad de tu cuenta y tu contraseña.
Eres responsable de cualquier actividad
	asociada con tu cuenta.
Tu uso de los Servicios está sujeto a las siguientes restricciones adicionales:


	Tú representas, garantizas y estás de acuerdo en que no contribuirás con ningún Contenido o Contribución del Usuario (cada uno de esos tèrminos está
	definido a continuación) o de otra manera utilizar los Servicios o interactuar con los Servicios en una forma en que:




			Infringe o viola los derechos de propiedad intelectual o cualquier otro derecho de alguien más (incluyendo a Narvii);
		



			Viola cualquier ley o regulación, incluyendo cualquiera de las leyes de control de exportación;
		



			Es perjudicial, fraudulento, engañoso, amenazante, de acoso, difamatorio, obsceno o de cualquier otra forma, objetable;
		



			Pone en riesgo la seguridad de tu cuenta en Narvii o la de cualquier otro (tal como permitir que alguien más inicie sesión en los Servicios como si
			fueras tu);
		



			Intenta, de cualquier forma, obtener la contraseña, cuenta u otra información de seguridad de cualquier otro usuario;
		



			Viola la seguridad de cualquier red informática o descifra cualquier contraseña o códigos de cifrado de seguridad;
		



			Corre Listas de Correo Electrónico, Listserv, o cualquier forma de auto-responder o enviar "correo no deseado" en los Servicios, o cualquier
			proceso que corra o que se active mientras que no hayas iniciado sesión en los Servicios, o que de otra manera interfiera con el funcionamiento
			adecuado de los Servicios (incluyendo el colocar una carga no razonable en la infraestructura de los Servicios);
		



			Hace "Crawls," "scrapes," o "spiders" a cualquier página, información o porción de o relacionar los Servicios o el Contenido (a travès del uso de
			medios manuales o automatizados;
		



			Copia o almacena cualquier porción significativa del Contenido;
		



			Descompile, ingeniería inversa o que de otra manera intenta obtener el código fuente o ideas subyacentes o información de o relacionada a los
			Servicios.
Una violación de cualquier de los anteriores es motivo para la terminación de tu derecho a utilizar o acceder a los Servicios.
¿Cuáles son mis derechos en Amino Apps?
==========
Los materiales mostrados o presentados o disponibles en o a travès de los Servicios, incluyendo, pero no limitado a, textos, gráficos, información,
	artículos, fotos, imágenes, ilustraciones, Presentaciones de los Usuarios, y así sucesivamente (todo lo anterior, el "Contenido") están protegidos por
	derechos reservados y/o otras leyes de propiedad intelectual.
Tú prometes respetar todas las notificaciones de derechos reservados, reglas de marcas
	registradas, información y restricciones contenidas en cualquier Contenido que accedas a travès de los Servicios, y no utilizaras, copiaras, reproducirás,
	modificarás, traducirás, publicarás, emitirás, transmitirás, distribuirás, realizarás, cargarás, mostrarás, autorizarás, venderás o de cualquier otra forma
	explotarás con ningún propósito ningún Contenido que no sea de tu propiedad.
(i) sin el consentimiento previo del propietario de ese Contenido o (ii) de
	alguna manera en que viole los derechos de alguien más (incluyendo a Narvii).
Tú entiendes que Narvii es propietario de los Servicios.
No modificarás, publicarás, transmitirás, participarás en la transferencia o venta de,
	reproducirás (salvo lo dispuesto expresamente en esta Sección), crearás trabajo derivativo basado en, o de cualquier otra manera explotarás ninguno de los
	Servicios.
Lo Servicios pueden permitir que copies o descargues cierto Contenido; por favor recuerda que solo porque esta funcionalidad exista, esto no significa que
	todas las restricciones anteriores no aplican - ¡si aplican!
¿Debo otorgar alguna licencia a Narvii o a otros usuarios?
Cualquier cosa que publiques, cargues, compartas, almacenes, o que de cualquier otra manera proporciones a travès de los Servicios, es tu "Presentación de
	Usuario" Algunas Presentaciones de los Usuarios son visibles por los otros usuarios.
De manera de poder mostrar tus Presentaciones de Usuario en los
	Servicios y permitir a los otros usuarios disfrutarlas (donde corresponda), nos concedes ciertos derechos en esas Presentaciones de Usuario.
Por favor ten
	en cuenta que todas las licencias siguientes están sujetas a nuestra Política de Privacidad [http://narvii.com/privacy] en la medida que se relacionen a
	las Presentaciones de los Usuarios que tambièn son tu información personalmente identificable.
Para todas las Presentaciones de Usuario, aquí presente, otorgas a Narvii una licencia para traducir, modificar (con propósitos tècnicos, por ejemplo,
	asegurarnos de que tu contenido sea visible en un iPhone, así como tambièn en una computadora) y reproducir y de cualquier otra manera, actuar con respeto
	ante dichas Presentaciones de los Usuarios, en cada caso nos permite operar los Servicios, como se describe con más detalle a continuación.
Esta es solo
	una licencia - tu propiedad en las Presentaciones de los Usuarios no se ve afectada.
Si almacenas una Presentación de Usuario en tu propia cuenta personal de Narvii, en una forma en que no es visible por ningún otro usuario excepto por ti
	(una "Presentación de Usuario Personal"), otorgas a Narvii la licencia anterior, así como tambièn una licencia para mostrar, realizar y distribuir tu
	Presentación de Usuario Personal con el único propósito de hacer que esa Presentación de Usuario Personal sea accesible para ti y proporcionar los
	Servicios necesarios para hacerlo.
Si compartes una Presentación de Usuario solo en una forma en que ciertos usuarios específicos pueden ver (por ejemplo, un mensaje privado a uno o más
	usuarios)(una "Presentación de Usuario a una Audiencia Limitada"), entonces otorgas a Narvii las licencias anteriores, así como tambièn una licencia para
	mostrar, realizar y distribuir tu Presentación de Usuario a una Audiencia Limitada con el único propósito de hacer que esa Presentación de Usuario a una
	Audiencia Limitada sea accesible a dichos usuarios específicos y proporcionar los Servicios necesarios para hacerlo.
Tambièn otorgas a los otros usuarios
	específicos el acceso a la Presentación de Usuario a una Audiencia Limitada, y a utilizar y a ejercer todos los derechos incluidos en ella, según lo
	permitido por la funcionalidad de los Servicios.
Si compartes una Presentación de Usuario públicamente en los Servicios y/o de una forma en que alguien más que solo tú o ciertos usuarios específicos
	puedan verla, o si nos proporcionas (en un correo electrónico directo o de otra forma) cualquier retroalimentación, sugerencia, mejoras, realces, y/o
	solicitudes destacadas en relación a los Servicios (cada una de las anteriores, una "Presentación Pública de Usuario"), entonces le otorgas a Narvii las
	licencias anteriores, así como tambièn una licencia para mostrar, realizar y distribuir tu Presentación Pública de Usuario con el propósito de hacer que
	esa Presentación Pública de Usuario sea accesible a todos los usuarios de Narvii y proporcionar los Servicios necesarios para hacerlo, así como tambièn
	todos los otros derechos necesarios para utilizar y ejercer todos los derechos en esa Presentación Pública de Usuario en conexión con los Servicios y/o de
	otra forma en conexión con las empresas de Narvii, siempre que Narvii tratará de notificarte si utiliza tu Presentación Pública de Usuario por alguna razón
	distinta a mostrarla en los Servicios.
Tambièn otorgas a todos los otro usuarios de los Servicios una licencia para acceder a esa Presentación Pública de
	Usuario y para utilizar y ejercer todos los derechos en ella como permita la funcionalidad de los Servicios.
Tú estás de acuerdo en que las licencias que otorgas son libre de regalías, perpetuas, transferibles a terceros, irrevocables y para todo el mundo.
Finalmente, tu entiendes y estás de acuerdo en que Narvii, al realizar los pasos tècnicos requeridos para proporcionar los Servicios a nuestros usuarios
	(incluyèndote a ti), puede necesitar realizar cambios a tus Presentaciones de Usuario, para conformar y adaptar esas Presentaciones de Usuario a los
	requerimientos tècnicos de las redes de conexión, dispositivos, servicios o medios y las licencias anteriores incluyen los derechos para hacerlo.
¿Què sucede si veo algo en los Servicios que infringe mis derechos reservados?
Quizás hayas oído sobre la Ley Digital de Derechos Reservados del Milenio (la "DMCA"), que se relaciona a los proveedores de servicios en línea como
	Narvii, en donde se les pide remover material que viole conscientemente el derecho reservado de alguna persona.
Respetamos los derechos de propiedad
	intelectual de otros y nos reservamos el derecho de borrar o inhabilitar el supuesto Contenido que infringe y terminar las cuentas de supuestos infractores
	constantes; para revisar nuestra Política de Disputa de Derechos Reservados completa y conocer como reportar el contenido potencialmente infractor, haz
	click aquí [http://narvii.com/copyright].
Para conocer más sobre la DMCA, haz click aquí.
¿Quièn es responsable de lo que veo y hago en los Servicios?
Cualquier información o contenido publicado públicamente o privadamente transmitido a travès de los Servicios es de única responsabilidad de la persona de
	donde se originó dicho contenido, y tu accedes a dicha información y contenido a tu propio riesgo y nosotros no somos responsables de ningún error u
	omisión de esa información o contenido o de ningún daño o pèrdida que puedas sufrir en conexión con ello.
No podemos controlar y no tenemos ninguna
	obligación de tomar ninguna acción de acuerdo a como puedas interpretar y utilizar el Contenido o que acciones puedan tomarse como resultado de haber sido
	expuesto al Contenido y aquí nos liberas de cualquier responsabilidad de que hayas adquirido o no adquirido Contenido a travès de los Servicios.
No podemos
	garantizar la identidad de cualquier usuario con el que interactúas al utilizar los Servicios y no somos responsables de cuales usuarios obtienen acceso a
	los Servicios.
Eres responsable de todo el Contenido que distribuyas, de cualquier forma en los Servicios, y tu representas y garantizas que tienes todos los derechos
	necesarios para hacerlo, en la forma en la cual contribuyes.
Mantendrás toda tu información de registro de manera precisa y actual.
Eres responsable de
	toda tu actividad en conexión con los Servicios.
Los Servicios pueden contener vínculos o conexiones a sitios web o servicios de terceros que no son propiedad o controlados por Narvii.
Cuando ingresas a
	los sitios web de terceros o utilizas servicios de terceros, aceptas que hay riesgos al hacerlo y que Narvii no es responsable de dichos riesgos.
Te
	alentamos a que estès alerta cuando dejes los Servicios y a que leas los tèrminos y condiciones y la política de privacidad de cada sitio web o servicio de
	terceros que visites o que utilices.
Narvii no tiene control sobre y no asume ninguna responsabilidad por, el contenido, exactitud, políticas de privacidad o prácticas de u opiniones
	expresadas en cualquier sitio web de terceros o por cualquier tercero con el que interactúes a travès de los Servicios.
Adicionalmente, Narvii no
	monitoreará y no puede verificar, censurar o editar el contenido de cualquier sitio o servicio de terceros.
Al utilizar los Servicios, nos liberas y nos
	mantienes inofensivos de cualquier y toda responsabilidad derivada de tu uso de cualquier sitio web o servicio de terceros.
Tus interacciones con organizaciones y/o individuos encontrados en o a travès de los Servicios, incluyendo pagos y entrega de bienes o servicios y
	cualesquiera otros tèrminos, condiciones, garantías o representaciones asociadas con dichas transacciones, son exclusivamente entre tú y dichas
	organizaciones y/o individuos.
Deberías realizar cualquier investigación que sientas sea necesaria o apropiada antes de proceder con cualquier transacción
	en línea o fuera de línea con cualquiera de estos terceros.
Estás de acuerdo en que Narvii no será responsable o estará sujeto a ninguna pèrdida o daño de
	cualquier tipo incurrido como resultado de cualesquiera y dichas transacciones.
Si hay una disputa entre los usuarios de los Servicios o entre los usuarios y cualquier tercero, estás de acuerdo en que Narvii no está bajo ninguna
	obligación de involucrarse.
En el evento en que tengas que disputar con uno o más de otros usuarios, liberas de los reclamos, demandas y daños de cualquier
	tipo o naturaleza, conocidos o desconocidos, bajo sospecha y no sospechados, divulgados o no divulgados, a Narvii, sus funcionarios, empleados, agentes y
	sucesores, derivados de o en cualquier forma relacionada a dichas disputas y/o nuestros Servicios.
Si eres un residente de California, deberás y en el
	presente eximes el Código Civil de California Sección 1542, el cual dice: "Una liberación general no se extiende a las reclamaciones que el acreedor no
	conoce o sospecha que existen a su favor al momento de ejecutar la liberación, la cual, si la conoce, debe haber afectado materialmente su acuerdo con el
	deudor."
==========
¿Narvii Cambiará los Servicios alguna vez?
Siempre estamos tratando de mejorar los Servicios, de manera que puedan cambiar con el tiempo.
Podemos suspender o descontinuar cualquier parte de los
	Servicios, o podemos introducir nuevas características o restringir el acceso a partes o a todos los Servicios.
Trataremos de notificarte cuando hagamos un
	cambio de material a los Servicios que te afectaría negativamente, pero esto no siempre es práctico.
Similarmente, nos reservamos el derecho a remover
	cualquier Contenido de los Servicios en cualquier momento, por cualquier razón (incluyendo, pero no limitado a, si alguien alega que contribuiste en la
	violación de estos Tèrminos), a nuestra única discreción y sin previo aviso.
¿Amino Apps tiene algún costo?
==========
Los Servicios son actualmente gratis, pero nos reservamos el derecho a cobrar por ciertas cosas o todos los Servicios en el futuro.
Te notificaremos antes
	de que cualesquiera Servicios que estès utilizando al momento comiencen a llevar una tarifa y si deseas continuar utilizando dichos Servicios, debes pagar
	todas las tarifas aplicables por dichos Servicios.
¿Què sucede si quiero dejar de utilizar Amino Apps?
Eres libre de hacer eso en cualquier momento, al contactarnos en support@aminoapps.com; pro favor consulta nuestra Política de Privacidad
	[http://narvii.com/privacy], así como tambièn las licencias anteriores, para entender como tratamos la información que nos proporcionas despuès de que has
	dejado de utilizar nuestros Servicios.
Narvii tambièn es libre de terminar (o suspender el acceso) tu uso de los Servicios o tu cuenta, por cualquier razón a nuestra discreción, incluyendo tu
	incumplimiento de estos Tèrminos.
Narvii tiene el derecho único de decidir si estas violando cualquiera de las restricciones establecidas y expresadas en
	estos Tèrminos.
La terminación de una cuenta puede resultar en la destrucción de cualquier Contenido asociado con tu cuenta, así que ten en mente antes de decidir terminar
	tu cuenta.
Trataremos de proveer una notificación con previo aviso antes de que nosotros terminemos tu cuenta, de manera que puedas recuperar cualquier
	Presentación de Usuario importante que puedas tener almacenada en tu cuenta (en la medida que lo permita la ley y estos Tèrminos), pero podríamos no
	hacerlo si determinamos que no sería práctico, sería ilegal, y no sería para el interès de la seguridad de alguien o la seguridad, o de cualquier otra
	forma dañina a los derechos o propiedad de Narvii.
Disposiciones que por su naturaleza, deberían sobrevivir a la terminación de estos Tèrminos que sobrevivirán a la terminación.
A modo de ejemplo, todo lo
	siguiente, sobrevivirá la terminación: cualquier obligación que tengas que pagarnos o indemnizarnos, cualquier limitación de nuestra responsabilidad,
	cualquier tèrmino respecto a la propiedad o los derechos de propiedad intelectual y tèrminos respecto a las disputas entre nosotros.
Yo ingresè a Amino Apps a travès de la App Store - ¿debería conocer algo sobre eso?
Estos Tèrminos aplican a tu uso de todos los Servicios, incluyendo el iPhone, iPod Touch, y aplicaciones del iPad disponibles a travès de Apple, Inc.
("Apple") la App Store (la "Aplicación"), pero los siguientes tèrminos adicionales tambièn aplican a la Aplicación:




			Tanto tu como Narvii, reconocen que los Tèrminos son concertados entre Narvii y tú solamente, y no con Apple, y que Apple no es responsable de la
			Aplicación ni del Contenido;
		



			La Aplicación es de tu licencia de manera limitad, no exclusive, no transferible, sin posibilidad de sub-licencia, solamente para ser utilizada en
			conexión con los Servicios para tu uso privado, personal y no comercial, sujeto a todos los tèrminos y condiciones de estos Tèrminos aplicables a
			los Servicios;
		



			Solamente utilizarás la Aplicación en conexión con un dispositivo Apple de tu propiedad o control;
		



			Reconoces y estás de acuerdo en que Apple no tiene ninguna obligación de proporcionar cualquier mantenimiento y servicios de soporte con respecto a
			la Aplicación;
		



			En el evento de cualquier falla de la Aplicación para ajustarse a cualquier garantía aplicable, incluyendo aquellas implicadas por la ley, puedes
			notificar a Apple dicha falla; previa notificación, la única garantía y obligación de Apple contigo será reembolsarte el costo de la compra, si
			existe alguno, de la Aplicación;
		



			Reconoces y estás de acuerdo en que Narvii y no Apple, es responsable de abordar cualquier reclamo que tu o cualquier tercero tenga en relación a
			la Aplicación;
		



			Reconoces y estás de acuerdo en que, en el evento de cualquier reclamo de un tercero que la Aplicación o tu posesión y uso de la Aplicación
			infringe esos derechos de la propiedad intelectual de ese tercero, Narvii y no Apple, será responsable por la investigación, defensa, acuerdo y la
			descarga de cualquier dicho reclamo por infracción;
		



			Representas y garantizas que no estás ubicado en un país sujeto al embargo del gobierno de los Estados Unidos, o que haya sido designado por el
			Gobierno de los Estados Unidos como un país de "apoyo terrorista", y que no estás en la lista de cualquier lista del Gobierno de los Estados Unidos
			de partidos prohibidos o restringidos;
		



			Tanto Narvii como tú, reconocen y están de acuerdo en que en tu uso de la Aplicación, cumplirás con cualquier tèrmino de acuerdo aplicable a
			terceros el cual pueda afectar o ser afectado por dicho uso; y
		



			Tanto Narvii como tú, reconocen y están de acuerdo en que Apple y los subsidiarios de Apple son beneficiarios terceros de estos Tèrminos y que con
			tu aceptación de estos Tèrminos, Apple tendrá el derecho (y se considerará que ha aceptado el derecho) de hacer cumplir estos Tèrminos contra ti
			como el tercero beneficiario en el presente documento.
==========
¿Què más necesito saber?
Exención de la Garantía.
Ni Narvii ni ninguno de sus licenciantes o proveedores hace ningunas representaciones o garantías con respecto a cualquier
	contenido obtenido en o accedido a travès de los Servicios y no seremos responsables o estaremos sujetos por la exactitud, cumplimiento de los derechos
	reservados, legalidad o decencia del material contenido en o accedido a travès de los Servicios.
Nosotros (y nuestros licenciantes y proveedores) no
	hacemos representaciones o garantías respecto a las sugerencias o recomendaciones de servicios o productos ofertados o comprados a travès de los Servicios.
Los productos y los servicios comprados u ofertados (ya sean que no sigan dichas recomendaciones o sugerencias) a travès de los Servicios que se
	proporcionan "A MEDIDA QUE" y sin ninguna garantía de ningún tipo de Narvii u otros (a menos que, con respecto a dichos otros solamente, proporcionados
	expresa e inequívocamente por escrito por un tercero designado para un producto en específico).
LOS SERVICIOS Y EL CONTENIDO SON PROPORCIONADOS POR NARVII
	(Y SUS LICENCIANTES Y PROVEEDORES) EN UNA DOSIS "A MEDIDA QUE", SIN GARANTíAS O NINGUN TIPO, YA SEA EXPRESO O IMPLíCITO, INCLUYENDO, SIN LIMITACIÓN,
	GARANTíAS IMPLICITAS DE COMERCIALIZACIóN, IDEONEIDAD PARA UN PROPóSITO EN PARTICULAR, QUE NO INFRINGE, O QUE EL USO DE LOS SERIVICIOS SERá ININTERRUMPIDO O
	LIBRE DE ERROS.
ALGUNOS ESTADOS NO PERMITEN LIMITACIONES SOBRE CUANTO DURA UNA GARANTíA IMPLíCITA, DE MANERA QUE LAS LIMITACIONES ANTERIORES PODRíAN NO
	APLICAR A TI.
Limitación de la Responsabilidad.
AL MáXIMO ALCANCE DE LA LEY APLICABLE, BAJO NINGUNA CIRCUNSTANCIA Y BAJO NINGUNA TEORíA LEGAL (INCLUYENDO, SIN
	LIMITACIÓN, AGRAVIO, CONTRATO, RESPONSABILIDAD OBJETIVA O DE OTRO MODO) NARVII DEBERá (O SUS LICENCIANTES O PROVEEDORES) SER RESPONSABLE CONTIGO O CON
	NINGUNA OTRA PERSONA POR (A) CUALQUIER DAñO INDIRECTO, ESPECIAL, ACCIDENTAL O CONSECUENTE DE ALGUN TIPO, INCLUYENDO DAñOS POR PERDIDA DE GANANCIAS, PERDIDA
	DE LA BUENA VOLUNTAD, INTERRUPCIóN DEL TRABAJO, EXACTITUD DE LOS RESULTADOS O FALLA DE COMPUTADORA O MAL FUNCIONAMIENTO, O (B) CUALQUIER MONTO, EN EL
	AGREGADO, EN EXCESO DE MáS DE (I) $100 O (II) LOS MONTOS PAGADOS POR TI A NARVII EN CONEXIóN CON LOS SERVICIOS EN EL PERIODO DE LOS (12) MESES PRECEDENTES
	A ESTE RECLAMO APLICABLE, O (III) CUALQUIER ASUNTO MáS ALLá DE NUESTRO CONTROL RAZONABLE.
ALGUNOS ESTADOS NO PERMITEN LA EXCLUSIóN O LA LIMITACIÓN DE
	CIERTOS DAñOS, ASI QUE LA LIMITACIÓN ANTERIOR Y LAS EXCLUSIONES PODRíA NO APLICAR PARA TI.
Indemnidad.
En la mayor medida permitida por la ley aplicable, Tú estás de acuerdo en indemnizar y eximir a Narvii, sus afiliados, funcionarios, agentes,
	empleados y socios, inofensivamente de y contra cualquier y todos los reclamos, responsabilidades, daños (reales y consecuentes) pèrdidas y gastos
	(incluyendo tarifas de abogados) derivados de o en cualquier forma relacionados a cualquier reclamo de terceros en relación a (a) tu uso de los Servicios
	(incluyendo cualquier acción tomada por un tercero utilizando tu cuenta), y (b) tu violación de estos Tèrminos.
Asignación.
Tu no podrás asignar, delegar o transferir estos Tèrminos o tus derechos u obligaciones del presente documento, o tu cuenta en los Servicios,
	de ninguna forma ( por efecto de la ley o de otro modo) sin el consentimiento previo por escrito de Narvii.
Podemos transferir, asignar o delegar estos
	Tèrminos y nuestros derechos y obligaciones sin consentimiento.
Elección de la Ley; Arbitraje.
Estos Tèrminos están regulados por y serán interpretados bajo las leyes de la Mancomunidad de Massachusetts, sin tener en
	cuenta los conflictos de las disposiciones legislativas en el presente documento.
Cualquier disputa derivada de o relacionada al tema de estos Tèrminos
	deberá ser finalmente resuelta en el Condado de Suffolk, Massachussets, en Inglès, de acuerdo al Reglamento de Servicios de Arbitraje y Procedimientos
	Judiciales de Arbitraje y Mediaciones, Inc ("JAMS") luego, en efecto, por un árbitro comercial con experiencia sustancial en resolver disputas de propiedad
	intelectual y contratos comerciales, quien deberá ser seleccionado de la lista apropiada de árbitros de JAMS de acuerdo a dichas Reglas.
La sentencia sobre
	el laudo dictado por dicho árbitro puede ser presentada en cualquier tribunal de jurisdicción competente.
No obstante, la obligación anterior de arbitrar
	disputas, cada parte tendrá el derecho de perseguir una medida cautelar u otro remedio de equidad en cualquier momento, de cualquier corte de jurisdicción
	competente.
Para todos los propósitos de este Acuerdo, las partes dan su consentimiento para una jurisdicción exclusiva y un lugar de celebración en el
	estado, o donde están ubicadas las cortes federales respectivamente, el Condado de Suffolk, Massachusetts.
Cualquier arbitraje bajo estos Tèrminos se
	llevará a cabo de forma individual: no se permiten los arbitrajes colectivos y las demandas colectivas.
TU ENTIENDES Y ESTAS DE ACUERDO AL ENTRAR A ESTOS
	TÈRMINOS, NARVII Y TU, CADA UNO ESTá RENUNCIANDO AL DERECHO AL JUICIO POR JURADO O PARA PARTICIPAR EN UNA DEMANDA COLECTIVA.
Misceláneo.
Serás responsable de pagar, retener, clasificación y reportar todos los impuestos, deberes y otras evaluaciones gubernamentales asociadas con
	tu actividad en conexión con los Servicios, siempre que Narvii puede, a su discreción única, hacer cualquiera de los anteriores en tu nombre o por sí mismo
	como lo considere adecuado.
Tu falla o la nuestra en el ejercicio, de cualquier forma, cualquier derecho aquí no será considerado una renuncia a cualquier
	de los derechos siguientes.
Si se determina que alguna disposición de estos Tèrminos que no se puede hacer cumplir o es inválida, esa disposición será
	limitada o eliminada, en la medida mínima necesaria, de manera que estos Tèrminos deberán permanecer de cualquier modo en pleno vigor y efecto y
	ejecutables.
Narvii y tú están de acuerdo de que estos Tèrminos son la declaración completa y exclusiva del entendimiento mutuo entre Narvii y tú y que
	reemplaza y cancela todos los acuerdos previos escritos y orales, comunicaciones y otros entendimientos relacionados al tema de estos Tèrminos.
Tú
	reconoces y aceptas que no eres un empleado, agente, socio o empresa conjunta de Narvii, y que no tienes ninguna autoridad de ningún tipo para obligar a
	Narvii en ningún aspecto.
A excepción de lo expresamente establecido en la sección anterior en relación a la Aplicación de Apple, Narvii y tú aceptan que
	no hay beneficiarios terceros previstos bajo estos Tèrminos.
==========
