introductionMobPro is committed to respecting and protecting individuals’ privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy explains how Mobile Professionals BV, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “MobPro” or “we”, “us”, “our”) use your personal and device-related information whenyou view ads served by MobPro on third party websites or mobile apps (see the section below called “MobPro Ad Network”), andyou visit the MobPro website at www.mobpro.com (see section below called “MobPro Website”).
mobpro ad networkwhat is the mobpro ad network?MobPro is a large ad network.
We partner with third party publishers and mobile app developers, to serve ads on their sites, in their apps, and through their ad-networks.
what information do we collect?When you view an MobPro ad on a site or app which uses our services, we may collect information about your device or the ad that you have viewed.
==========
This information does not enable us to work out your identity in real life, but does enable us to recognise your device when it visits other sites and apps that have partnered with us.Specifically, we may collect:(a) Information about your deviceWe collect some or all of the following information about your device: device type (e.g. smartphone, tablet), operating system (e.g. iOS, Android), network provider, Internet (IP) address, which mobile browser you use (e.g. Safari, Chrome), the geo-location of your device (using GPS or other geo-location data) and the unique device identifier of your mobile device (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer).
(b) Information about the ad you have viewedWe also collect some or all of the following information about the ad you have viewed:(i) the content type of the ad (what the ad is about, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news);(ii) the ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, or video based ad);(iii) where the ad is being served (e.g. the address of the website on which the ad appears, or which app); and(iv) certain information about post-click activity in relation to the ad (e.g. whether you proceed to purchase the product or service advertised).
On occasion, our partnering mobile publishers or app developers may also disclose to us information they have separately collected about you so that we can improve the relevance of the ads we serve on their behalf.
==========
They do this in accordance with their own specific privacy policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements.
We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than improving the campaigns we run on behalf of our clients.how do we use information that we collect?We use the information we collect to perform analysis aimed at improving our services and technologies.
The information we collect also helps us to provide filtering options for publishers and developers to manage ads appearing on their sites and in their apps, and to provide targeting options for advertisers.
This helps our publishers and developer clients, for example, not to present you ads that you have already seen, and helps our advertiser clients serve adverts that work correctly.who do we share information with?With Publishers, Developers and AdvertisersWe share the information we collect from your visits to partnering sites and apps with our publisher, developer and advertiser clients.
==========
We anonymise this information using one-way hashing (i.e. scrambling) technology and encrypt it securely before sharing it.
These measures preserve your anonymity and mean that our clients cannot identify you in real life from the information we share.
Our clients use this anonymised information to better understand their site and app traffic usage so that they can refine and improve their services.Sharing Info with Third PartiesFrom time to time, we may need to disclose your information to third parties such as to law enforcement authorities or our legal advisers, where it is necessary to comply with the law or regulation; enforce or apply our user terms and conditions; to protect our rights, or to preserve the safety of our users.
==========
This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.We may also share your personal information in connection with any merger, a sale of MobPro assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Whenever we share your personal information for this reason we will ensure that the recipient is bound by all appropriate confidentiality obligations and that it commits to using your personal information only for the purposes for which you originally provided it.international transfersWe may share your information with clients, and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EU resident, we may share your information with our non-EU clients or partners).
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take all reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable legal requirements.how do we keep information secure?MobPro uses appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the information it collects about you and your device.
In particular, we anonymise all information we collect using one-way hashing technology and encrypt it securely before sharing it with any third parties.how long do you keep information for?We retain information collected on third-party applications and web sites for a period of 90 days, unless otherwise required by law.
After 90 days we further anonymise the data by aggregating it before storing it for analytical purposes.information collected on behalf of third partiesMobPro may offer advertising solutions to clients that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement, e.g. serving an ad that contains an advertiser questionnaire.
All of the information that you voluntarily provide in response to the advertisement shall be collected by MobPro and forwarded directly to the relevant client and will be governed by that client’s privacy policies in place from time to time.mobpro websitewhat information do we collect?We collect certain information about your usage of the site.
==========
Specifically, our servers collect the following information automatically about your usage of the site:the type of web browser you use (e.g. Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome or another)where you travel within the site (e.g. the pages that you visit within the MobPro site)your browsing preferences, such as your screen size, resolution and other viewing preferencesthe links that you click oninformation about how you arrived at our site (e.g. whether you were directed to our site by a search engine or another third party website)information about how you leave our site (e.g. which website you visit immediately after visiting our site).
We may use cookies to help us collect and store this information.how do we use the info we collect?We use your usage information to analyse our web traffic, to figure out how often customers use parts of the site, to improve the site and generally to make it appealing to as many users as possible.who do we share information with?From time to time, we may need to disclose your information to third parties such as to law enforcement authorities or our legal advisers, where it is necessary to comply with the law or regulation; enforce or apply our user terms and conditions; to protect our rights, or to preserve the safety of our users.
This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.We may also share your usage information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities, in connection with any merger, a sale of MobPro assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Whenever we share your information for this reason we will ensure that the recipient is bound by all appropriate confidentiality obligations and that it commits to using your personal information only for the purposes for which you originally provided it.You should also be aware that the information submitted to public areas, such as our blogs, may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.If you interact with social media features on our site, such as a Facebook Like button, or use your social network credentials to comment on our blog, these features may collect information about your use of this site as well as post information about your activities on this site to your profile page.
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.international transfersWe may share your information with our affiliates and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EU resident, we may share your information with our non-EU clients or affiliates).
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take all reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable legal requirements.how do we keep information secure?We use appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect the information we collect.
==========
We use multiple electronic, procedural, and physical security measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful use or alteration of information, and against any accidental loss, destruction, or damage to information.
We encrypt all information we collect and maintain this encrypted information securely on our servers behind a firewall.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
==========
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.how long do you keep information for?We retain information for only as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise required by law.generaldoes mobpro use cookies?We use cookies and web beacons to help us collect some of the information we describe above, to provide website functionality and advertising to you, and to save you having to provide information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us.
The domain used by us to use cookies is:http://www.mobpro.comwhat about children?We do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13.
If we become aware that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database.what about other websites?Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites.
==========
You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us.
You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.changes to this privacy policyWe may amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.your rightsMuch of the information we hold is purely technical in nature, and relates to the devices that interact with our website or our ads rather than being “personal” in nature about any individual.Where we do hold limited personal information about you (such as personal information about an MobPro account you may have with us), you can ask us for access to this personal information, to correct or update any inaccurate personal information we hold, to stop sending you direct marketing or to stop using your personal information altogether.If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may be able to make the update within your account settings or by contacting us using the details provided below.contacting usFor the purpose of applicable EU data protection laws, the “data controller” in respect of your personal information is MobPro, the Dutch branch of Mobile Professionals BV.
Address: Chief Privacy Officer, MobPro, PO Box 92018, 1090AA, Amsterdam.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: admin@mobpro.com
==========
