[Personal Information Protection Policy]
DMM.com (say "us" as follows.)
Co., Ltd. recognizes importance of the personal information in carrying out business, and think that it is a social duty to deal with personal information appropriately.Therefore we publicize Personal Information Protection Policy to fate, an employee as follows to wrestle about the appropriate handling of the personal information as an organization, and act in Protection of Personal Information.
1． About the observance of laws and ordinancesWe observe a law about the Protection of Personal Information and laws and ordinances concerned for the appropriate handling of the personal information.
2． About safety management measuresWe take appropriate safety management measures to prevent loss of the personal information, manipulation, a leak.In addition, for employee handling personal information and trust, perform appropriate supervision.
3． About the use of the personal informationDrink within the notice, the use purpose that they announced beforehand, and we use personal information.
4． About the offer to a third party of the personal informationWe do not offer personal information to the third party without a prior agreement of the person himself unless they are based on laws and ordinances.
5． About disclosure of the personal information, a correctionWhen disclosure of the personal information, a correction are demanded from the person himself, confirm the Koto which is the person himself, and we cope appropriately.
[privacy policy]
Based on "a law about the Protection of Personal Information ," announce the following matters.
==========
1． Name of the personal information handling companyDMM.com Corporation
2． Use purpose of the personal information(1) For product delivery, a service offer(2) For the settlement, request of a product, the service price(3) For the person himself certification(4) To support the Inquiry from a user(5) To offer after-sale service(6) For the product of us and other companies, service, the reporting (the sending of the E-mail and mail of the catalogue handbill) of the campaign(7) For IMPORTANT of the maintenance Others(8) For questionary survey, analysis and a marketing research, analysis(9) For a product, service improvement(10) For prevention of the abuse of our service(11) For the credit judgment of the user, debt collection(12) To perform office work about the business with the user(13) To perform necessary communication for a user(14) For the use associated with the use purpose mentioned above(15) For a purpose to determine in our other Terms of Service
When I acquire personal information in a use purpose except the above and use it, announce it some other time on our homepages.
3． Offer to a third party of the personal informationWe do not offer personal information to the third party except the next case.
(1) When there is an agreement of person himself(2) When be necessary for protection of life, a body or the property, and Koto with consent of Hon other people is difficult(3) When be based on laws and ordinances(4) When, with succession of the business by the reason of the merger Others, offer personal information
4． Offer to the trust of the personal informationWe may consign all or a part of the handling of the personal information to the duties trust point as far as they are necessary for the achievement of the use purpose.
In this case make an appropriate contract with duties trust point, and we supervise management so that appropriate management is carried out for duties trust point.
5． Inquiries such as the disclosure of the personal informationWhen there were demands such as the disclosure of the personal information, we cope after Confirmation in the Koto which is these other people by a predetermined procedure.
・Inquiries such as disclosure of the personal information, a correction, suspension, the removal・The remarking place where one go to of the complaint about the privacy policy　An address: Contact MyDMM Support Center:　E-mail address: info@mail.dmm.com　Phone Number: 0570-088-335　Be 076-214-6737 from IP telephone, PHS　Time in: For 24 hours, be always without holiday
6． RevisionWe may revise [privacy policy] without a review, a notice appropriately.
==========
The revision shall be applied from a point in time when I announced it on our homepages.
The last date of revision: June 1, 2016Establishment: March 31, 2005DMM.
com CorporationRepresenting Director Tatsuya Matsue
==========
