This privacy policy describes how we (Brainly.com, which is owned by Brainly, Inc. of Delaware, U.S. ) collect, use and share your information when you visit and interact with our service at www.brainly.com (the “Website”) or the Brainly.com mobile application (the “App”) .
Those services include all the ways you might interact with us: through the Brainly.com website, mobile applications, or any other Brainly offerings or services linking to this privacy policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you use the Brainly.com service so that you will understand our practices and your options before you choose to share your information.
Your use of the Brainly service means that you agree to our collection, use, and disclosure of the information you share with us, as explained in this Privacy Policy
Brainly reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice.
==========
We will post any changes on Brainly.com so please check regularly for the most recent version of our Privacy Policy.
For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change either by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Brainly.com website.
How to Contact Us:
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this privacy policy, you can contact us by mail or email:
Brainly.com
379 W. Broadway
4th floor
New York, NY 10012
[email protected]
I Want to Delete My or My Child’s Account:
If you would like to delete your or your child’s account, you can do so within profile preferences.
==========
Simply click on “Edit Profile”, go to the “Preferences” section, and click “I want to delete my account”.
You can also email us at [email protected] with the subject line “Delete Account”.
Please include your username and the email address associated with the account.
==========
Notice to Parents/Guardians and Children Under 13
With parental consent, children can register at Brainly.com to pose and answer questions.
During the registration process, we ask registrants to provide their name, email address, and other information as listed below for notification and security purposes.
We may also ask for birthdates to validate ages.
==========
We only collect the information that is reasonably necessary for a child to participate in Brainly’s online activities.
We will also collect a parent/guardian’s email address, because portions of our site may be deemed to be directed toward children under the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
We will ask for a parent’s email address before collecting the name or email address or other identifying information from a site visitor who has self-identified as under 13 years of age.
We will not use parent emails provided for these registration purposes to market to the parent, unless a parent expressly opts in to such messages or separately has registered.
We will send an email to the parent to explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, and how the parent can provide or revoke consent.
If we do not receive parental consent within 48 hours, we will delete all parental contact information and any other information collected from the child in connection with this activity.
==========
Push Notifications
Push notifications are notifications on devices such as smartphones or tablets that run our Brainly app.
These can communicate to the device holder even when the application is not in use.
We will require a child to provide a parental email address before the child can receive push notifications, because such technology requires that we collect and use a unique device identifier from the mobile device.
We will then provide the parent with notice of our contact with the child and will provide the parent the opportunity to prevent further notifications.
We will not associate the device identifier with other personal information without contacting the parent to get consent.
Your Information
What We Collect Via the Website:
As a Brainly registered user, we may collect from you the following information:
A username and password you create
Email address
Gender
Year of birth
Your educational level
Persistent identifiers such as IP address or mobile device identifier
What We Collect Via the App:
A username you create
Persistent identifiers such as IP address or mobile device identifier
NOTE:  This Website has a question and answer format, where free form entry is permitted.
==========
It is a violation of our terms of use to post personal information when using these features.
Information posted through any of these features will be posted publicly.
How We May Use and Share Your Information:
We use the personal information you provide for the following purposes:
to deliver our interactive computer service
to complete transactions or services requested by you
to communicate with you about your registration, your account in the Service, or to send notices or other disclosures required by law, such as to notify you of material changes to this policy or our Terms of Use
to track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and other statistical information from our Users and provide such non-identifying aggregate information to third parties
to contact you about promotions and marketing related to Brainly’s service  
to tailor our programming and services to meet User needs and interests
We share personal information with the unaffiliated service providers we use to deliver, maintain, and develop the Service.
They are prohibited from using such information for any purpose other than providing services in connection with this Site.
==========
Brainly may share personal information about you in the following circumstances: (a) in response to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes, to the extent permitted and as restricted by law; (b) when disclosure is required to maintain the security and integrity of this site, or to protect any user's security or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws; (c) when disclosure is directed or consented to by the registered member who has inputted the personal information; (d) in the event that Brainly, Brainly, Inc or any of its subdivisions or units goes through a business transition, such as a merger, divestiture, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal information.
How We Store and Safeguard Your Information:
Brainly shall take the appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of personal information provided by Users, in particular, to prevent unauthorized access to the data by third parties, as well as to prevent their loss, damage or destruction.
How You Can Change or Access Information:
At any time, a user (or parent of a child user) may refuse to permit further collection of personal information, or can request that we delete from our records the personal information we have collected in connection with that Brainly account, by logging into their account and using the “I want to delete my account” option in account preferences.
Parents can request access to and delete their child’s personal information by either logging into the account directly with the child’s username and password, or by contacting Brainly at [email protected]  
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookie files are computer data, especially text files, which are stored in the User’s device and are needed to navigate on the Website.
==========
Cookies contain the name of the website from which they come from, the duration of storage on the User’s device and a unique number.
Cookies are stored with the aim of:
adjusting the content of the pages of the Website according to the preferences of the User and optimizing the use of the webpages; the files especially allow the correct recognition of the User‘s device, so that the website is displayed according to the User’s individual needs;
collecting statistical data, making it possible to understand how the Users of the Website use the pages, which, in turn, allows Brainly to improve their structure and content;
maintaining the User’s session (after login) so that the User does not need to introduce his or her login and password each time they visit the page.
The Brainly Website uses session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are temporary files stored on the User’s device until the User logs out, leaves the website or turns off the software (the browser).
Persistent cookies are stored on the User’s device for as long as it is stated in the cookies’ parameters or until they are removed by the User.
There are several types of cookies used by the Website:
 a) “necessary” cookies, which allow the user to use the Website’s services, e.g. authentication cookies used for the authentication purposes on the Website;
 b) cookies used for security purposes, e.g. used with the aim of detecting malpractice in authentication processes on the Website;
 c) “efficiency” cookies, making it possible to gather information about the way the pages of the Website are used;
 d) “functional” cookies, which allow "remembering" settings selected by the user and user’s interface customization, for example the language or region, font size, the appearance of the website, etc.
e)"advertising" cookies, which allow for the delivery of advertising content to users to be more tailored to their interests.
The website at Brainly.com, whether accessed on a computer or a mobile device, is not at this time configured to read or respond to “do not track” settings or signals in your browser headings, which vary by browser provider.
Cookies posted at the User's end device cannot be used by the partners and advertisers co-operating with the Service.
==========
