Privacy PolicyOur Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us.
We provide this policy to better protect you, and to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.This privacy policy applies to all Team Liquid website properties, including teamliquid.net, liquidhearth.com, liquiddota.com, liquidlegends.net, teamliquidpro.com and any standalone partner websites that are made by us.The Information We CollectDuring user registration, we collect the following information:UsernameEmail address (if provided)IP addressBirthday (if provided)Country (if provided)The username you supply will be used as an identifier when posting content to our website.
An email address is required to register if signing up on our website as your login details will be sent to it.
Your email address will not be publicly displayed on any part of the website, but it will be visible to Team Liquid staff.
Your IP address is recorded to monitor abuse resulting from multiple registrations under the same IP address, spam bots, link farmers, etc.If you choose to register using a 3rd party service, such as a social network, that 3rd party will provide us with a unique identifier so that we may identify you on future logins.
We do not store your social media username or any other details that may incidentally be provided to us when using social media logins.
Your social media username will be used only during the first login in order to provide a recommended Team Liquid username.As part of our site features, we offer a forum and other features on which you can freely post any text.
If you choose to disclose personally identifying information, be aware that Team Liquid is a public web site and anyone is able to read your posts, so there is no expectation of privacy for user-generated content.
Where applicable, we will moderate any posts that violate US law in regards to information disclosed about other individuals.The website features a private messaging system which allows you to send message to other users on the website.
The messages you exchange over the private messaging system can only be read by the recipient user account or Team Liquid administrators.
The Team Liquid administrators will only access private message details if they suspect the message might be spam / advertising or otherwise malicious in nature, or if required to do so by law.
==========
We cannot be responsible for any disclosure of private message contents by the recipient.As an optional feature of the user profile page, you may upload an image such as a photo of yourself.
This image will be visible to other users through your Team Liquid profile page.
At any time, you can modify or delete this image through your user profile settings.During your usage of the website, your browser will open connections and send requests to our web server.
The server will log each request with your IP address, date and time, status code, browser version (user agent), HTTP referrer and the resource requested.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.The Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide to better identify yourself to other users.
==========
Your username and country can be viewed by anyone visiting our website.
Your username will identify you in any posts you make to the website forums.Your email address will never be shared with third parties for marketing, spam, or promotional activities.
We may use your email address to identify you in moderation actions, for instance when a user creates multiple accounts and uses them maliciously.
Your email address will also be used to reset your password, though if you lose access to that particular email, we can change it or reset your password manually.
From time to time, we may use your email address to send low-volume important site announcements.
If you do not wish to receive these announcements, an opt-out link will be provided in each email and you may disable the emails at any time through your profile settings.The web server logs are used to troubleshoot issues with the website and to generate aggregate site statistics.
Should we determine that a problem with the site is being caused by a particular IP address, we may match the IP address in the log files with registered user accounts in order to initiate contact with the user causing problems.Except as where required by law, we will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Use Of CookiesWe use cookies to store visitors preferences and record session information, such as if you are logged in and to automatically log you in on return visits.
==========
Some of our 3rd party partners may also set cookies in your browser.
These 3rd parties include Google Analytics and Quantcast, who we use for visitor metrics, and various advertising networks that may display advertisements on our site.If you do not wish to accept cookies, you may disable cookies from our site using your web browsers privacy settings.
Be aware that doing so will negatively impact your ability to use the registered user features which rely on cookies to verify your identity.
To disable cookies in Google Chrome, click the page icon next to the address bar.Data SecurityTeam Liquid runs on dedicated hosting servers which only a few trusted senior site staff have access to.
==========
These servers are located in a professionally managed and secure data center in New York, USA.Children's PrivacyWe do not allow children under the age of 13 to use our website.
As there is user generated content, the site may be unsuitable for children.How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access your country, birthday and email through your Team Liquid profile page.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections on your behalf.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please talk to us by sending a Personal Message to any of the red named Moderators or contacting us via the "Contact" link at the bottom of the page.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
==========
