Last Updated on Mar. 9, 2010
Some of the Third Party Content, including some of the business listing information and business photos on the Site, is the proprietary and copyrighted work of The Local Data Company Limited, Infobel and 118 Data Resource Limited.
Your may not distribute, sell, rent, sublicense, or lease such Third Party Content, in whole or in part to any third party; and you may not use it for any other purpose other than your personal, non-commercial use.
Some of the Third Party Content was licensed from Acxiom Corporation.
For all such information, the following applies: "This information is proprietary to Acxiom Corporation and is protected under U.S. copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
This information is licensed for your personal or professional use and may not be resold or provided to others.
You may not distribute, sell, rent, sublicense, or lease such information, in whole or in part to any third party; and you will not make such Acxiom information available in whole or in part to any other user in any networked or time-sharing environment, or transfer the information in whole or in part to any computer other than the PC used to access this information."
.
==========
Some of the Site's mapping features are powered by Google Inc., the use of which is also governed by the terms of use located at http://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html (or such other URL as may be updated by Google Inc.).
Some of the Site's mapping features are powered by Microsoft Bing Maps, the use of which is also governed by the terms of use located at
		http://www.microsoft.com/maps/assets/docs/terms.aspx#11.
Microsoft Corporation's privacy policy can be found here:
		http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/fullnotice.aspx

If you use an Apple mobile device (including but not limited to iPhone and iTouch) with the Yelp services or applications, you agree to the following terms and conditions to the extent they apply to your use of the Apple mobile device:


Scope of License: The license granted to you for the Licensed Application is a limited non-transferable license to use the Licensed Application on any iPhone or iPod touch that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service.
Support: Third parties are not responsible for any maintenance, support, intellectual property or warranty claims for the Licensed Application.
You acknowledge that iTunes has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to any third-party licensed Product.
U.S Government Embargo:  You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country.
Third Party Beneficiaries: You acknowledge and agree that iTunes, Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of the Licensed Application End User License Agreement or any other end-user license agreement for any licensed Product, and that, upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of such license, iTunes will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce such license against You as a third party beneficiary thereof.
If you use a Palm mobile device with the Yelp services or applications, you agree to the following terms and conditions to the extent they apply to your use of the Palm mobile device:


You acknowledge and agree that Palm, Inc. is a direct and intended third party beneficiary of this License Agreement, and that Palm, Inc. will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce such License Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
==========
