3.
What Blackboard does with the information it collects
    
Blackboard makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available in certain areas of the Services.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.The personal information you supply to Blackboard will not be given, sold, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed to any third parties outside of Blackboard and its agents, except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with legal process, (ii) enforce the Terms of Use, (iii) respond to claims that any content provided by using the Services violates the rights of third parties, or (iv) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Blackboard, its users, or the public.Blackboard may use aggregated personal information to determine the demographic composition of our user base and to distribute statistics and general marketplace information about Blackboard.
This aggregate information does not identify specific users.Certain non-personal information regarding users is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers hosting the Services.
==========
This information is primarily used to provide users of the Services with an enhanced online experience.
Blackboard may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe the Services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.Some features of the Services may be offered in conjunction with a partner company.
In order to provide these features, it may be necessary for either you or us to share your personal information with this company.
If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular feature.Also, please be aware that advertisers or Web sites that are linked to the Services may collect personally identifiable information about you.
The information practices of those Web sites linked to the Services are not covered by this Privacy Policy and Blackboard is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.Blackboard utilizes other companies to provide limited services on its behalf, including but not limited to customer support, web analytics, coordination of mailings and event management.
These companies are permitted to access only the information they require to perform those services.
Blackboard requires these companies to maintain the confidentiality of any personal information and prohibits them from using the information for any other purpose than the purpose for which it was collected.Blackboard may share personal information other than Student Data, as defined below, with other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings.
Blackboard’s transfer of Student Data to a third party in the event of a company transaction is governed by our agreements with our educational institutions and applicable law.
==========
