ABCya collects "Personal Information" which is information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you as specific person (for example, first and last name, mailing address, email address, or telephone number), and other information, some of which we collect automatically when you visit the Platform.
Personal Information
The Platform does not generally collect name, address, or other contact information from Children, other than the limited circumstances set forth below.
However, we, and our third-party service providers, may collect a "Device Identifier" associated with the computer, mobile phone or other device used to access the Platform (for example, an IP address).
These Device Identifiers are considered Personal Information for Children.
We, and our third-party service providers, use Device Identifier information solely to support internal operations, including operating Platform features and serving contextual ads.
The Platform may occasionally collect a Child's first name and online contact information (typically, an e-mail address) solely for the following purposes:
 - For one-time use of that information.
For example, we may answer a question submitted through the Platform or allow a sweepstakes entry.
Once we have responded or contacted the Child one time, we delete the online contact information and will not use it to re-contact the Child;
- OR
- For the sole purpose of: protecting the security or integrity of the Platform; taking precautions against liability; responding to judicial process; or providing information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety.
Additionally, in some instances a game may request that a user provide a name (e.g., to identify a particular player in a multi-player game).
In those instances, the name provided is only stored locally on the user's device and not collected by us.
==========
Please note that we will not condition a Child's participation in a Platform activity on the Child's disclosing more than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.
We use Personal Information only for the purpose that it was provided and for internal purposes.
In some cases, we will collect Personal Information from a parent, teacher, or other adult.
We use information collected from adults:
- to process transactions and provide our products and services;
- to provide information, products, or services that we believe will interest you or you have agreed to receive, including special offers from us and other companies;
- to contact you regarding your account, our policies or your use of the Platform;
- to improve our products and services and for our internal business purposes; and
- for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent, and as described in this Privacy Policy.
Other Information
When you use the Platform, we (and our third-party service providers) may automatically or passively collect certain "Usage Information," such as the browser and operating system you are using, information on how you arrived at the Platform, and all of the areas within our Platform that you visit.
We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or otherwise improving the Platform and our products and services.
==========
