General
Legacy.com does not collect personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals.
Examples of personal information are name, postal address, e-mail address, and phone number.
Personal information is collected from Legacy Guest Book submissions and Legacy Notice and Life Story orders.
This site makes Legacy Guest Books, Life Stories, and Notices available to all our visitors.
Please remember that any information disclosed in a Legacy Guest Book, or any information posted within a Life Story or Notice, becomes public information.
You therefore should exercise caution when disclosing any personal information in these forums.
==========
Information also is collected as our server logs automatically receive and record information from your browser, including your IP address and the page(s) you requested.
Legacy.com uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our Web server, and to administer our Web site.
Other purposes of collecting such information are to customize the advertising you see on our pages and to fulfill visitors' requests for certain products and services.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Legacy.com will never share personal information about our visitors with third parties, and does not sell or share any information at the individual customer level, unless our visitors have provided consent for us to do so.
Legacy.com may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of Legacy.com; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions.)
Sites "powered by" Legacy.com for our affiliates are governed by the privacy policy of each affiliate, and may include different policies regarding use of personal information.
==========
