We hold all specific customer information in the strictest confidence.
We do not rent our mailing list and do not provide anyone outside 
              our company with specific name, address and transactional information 
              without your expressed permission.
In only two cases will we permit contact from outside parties:

 We occasionally honor a request for market research purposes.
In such a case, information is limited to name, address and specific 
                product purchased only, and is provided to legitimate 3rd party 
                market research firms only, and for one-time use only.
Micro Center 
                will only approve research that we feel is in the best interest 
                of our customers.
We may provide information to our 3rd party Service Organizations 
                to keep you informed of repair and warranty issues, or to remind 
                you of warranty expirations and Service Agreement renewal opportunities.
Internal access to customer information is severely limited, and 
              is used for postal mailing and email selection purposes only.
Under 
              no circumstances do we rent our entire mailing lists to anyone outside 
              our company for solicitation or advertising purposes.
==========
January, 2000


Help us keep you informed.
We periodically obtain mailing lists and email lists from magazine 
              publishers and other list owners for advertising purposes that may 
              include your name and address.
We send advertisements hoping you 
              will respond, and will verify your name and address with our cashiers 
              at checkout so that you can become part of our Micro Center mailing 
              lists.
We maintain your information on our server to facilitate checkout 
              at the store, and to help insure you do not receive duplicate advertisements.
==========
PLEASE NOTE: Postal mail and electronic mail are the only easy we 
              have to keep you personally informed of new products, pricing and 
              special offers.
To have your name removed from our lists:
Postal Mail - As a customer, you have the ability at any 
              time to request not to receive advertisements by completing our 
              online form, or by so instructing 
              your cashier (please allow one quarterly mailing cycle for processing).
Otherwise, you will typically receive no more than 2 - 3 mailed 
              advertisements per quarter.
You may also request that your home address be deleted from the 
              mailing lists of some national advertisers by contacting the Direct 
              Marketing Association directly at www.the-dma.org 
              and subscribing to their Mail Preference Service.
This process applies 
              to postal mail only, and typically takes a quarterly cycle to be 
              put in force.
Electronic Mail - Log on to our online 
              form to add, change or remove your address information from 
              our active mail lists.
If you prefer to have your email address removed from our list, 
              please email us at: list_remove
Updates typically will be made promptly - prior to the next emailing 
              cycle.
Otherwise you will receive no more than 1 - 2 emails from 
              us monthly.
PLEASE NOTE: The determination of which addresses are mailed for 
              any particular advertisement rests with our Marketing Department.
Several criteria are used to determine recipients, including but 
              not limited to whether or not the address is located within our 
              store's active trade radius.
==========
