When you use and interact with our websites or services, communicate with us, visit our offices or attend our events, among other activities further described within the full Privacy Statement, we may collect, use, share and process information relating to you ("Personal Data").
These Privacy Statement Highlights summarize our Personal Data processing practices and your related rights.
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
==========
Salesforce is the controller of your Personal Data and is responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement.
For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers.
A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce.com, Inc. and the relevant affiliate involved in the processing activity.
A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here.
Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
==========
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide and promote our websites and services;
to provide you with information about our products;
to manage your registration for and attendance at our events as well as office visits;
to manage your registration for contests or promotion
to communicate with you;
to maintain the security of the services;
to improve performance of the services;
to review compliance with applicable usage terms (including capacity requirements;
to identify future opportunities for development of the services;
to complete transactions with you when you purchase our products or services;
to administer surveys and conduct research;
to display personalized advertisements to you and to send to you marketing communications about us, our products and our services; and
to comply with our legal obligations under applicable laws and to cooperate with public and government authorities as required.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement.
==========
Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?"
and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details.
Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?"
section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
==========
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, investigating suspicious activity and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services;
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services; and
Public and government authorities, to the extent we are compelled to disclose Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries.
Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your jurisdiction, including in countries and jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of protection.
As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of data protection where your Personal Data is transferred outside of your country or jurisdiction.
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws.
Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights described above; 
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects; and
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent).
==========
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form, email us at privacy@salesforce.com or datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com, call us at 1-844-287-7147 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
==========
