Woot Privacy Policy
The privacy policy explains how, why and what we do with the data we collect from you.
If you have any questions
        about the policy, you're always welcome to email 
        privacy@woot.com and ask.
We're here for you, dear customer.
We're here for
        you.
==========
Privacy Notice

Last updated: June 29th, 2020

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
Woot Services LLC and its affiliates ("Woot") are subsidiaries of Amazon.com, Inc.
As such, the collection and processing of your personal information through Woot and any related services (together, "Woot Services") are subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice and the Woot California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure below (collectively, the "Woot Privacy Notice").
By using Woot Services, you are consenting to the Woot Privacy Notice .
Woot California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure:
The Woot California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure ("Disclosure") is effective as of June 29, 2020.
The following disclosures are required by the California Consumer Privacy Act:

 Categories of personal information collected.
The personal information that Woot collects, or has collected from consumers in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, fall into the following categories established by the California Consumer Privacy Act, depending on which Woot Service is used:

	Identifiers such as your name, address, and phone numbers; 
	Personal information, such as a tax identification number that you provide to us;
	Commercial information, such as purchase activity;
	Audio information, such as voice recordings when you call our Customer Service; and 
	Inference data, such as information about your purchase preferences.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose.
The personal information that Woot disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure fall into the following categories established by the California Consumer Privacy Act, depending on which Woot Service is used:


Identifiers such as your name, address, phone numbers, for example if we use a third party carrier to deliver your order;
Personal information, such as a credit card number, for example if we use a third party payment processor; and
Commercial information, such as the details of a product you purchased if a third party service provider is assisting to provide that product to you.
Right to Request Access to or Deletion of Personal Information:  You may have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act to request information about the collection of your personal information by Woot, or access to or deletion of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things, please contact Customer Service or email us at privacy@woot.com.
Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
==========
No sale of personal information.
In the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, Woot has not sold any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
No Discrimination.
Woot will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Please contact Customer Service or email privacy@woot.com if you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information or if you are a California resident and you would like to exercise one or more of the rights described above.
==========
