2o7.
net and omtrdc.net are domains used by Adobe to help provide portions of its products and services, including Adobe® SiteCatalyst® and Adobe® SearchCenter+ products.
Specifically, these domains may be used by Adobe to place cookies, on behalf of its customers, on the browsers of visitors to customers' websites.
Adobe Acts on Behalf of our Customers
Adobe acts as an agent to its Customers for the purpose of providing Internet data hosting and optimization products and services.
Any information obtained by Adobe from the customer's websites is and will remain customer property.
As such, Adobe will not disclose such information to any third party, unless permitted or instructed to do so by the customer.
Adobe will not review, share, distribute, print, or reference any browsing information of visitors to the customer websites except as permitted or requested by the customer or as may be required by law.
Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed by Adobe for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, billing, or as may be required by law.
Customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of the usernames and passwords they use to log into their Adobe accounts.
==========
It is important that you review the respective privacy policy of each website that you visit, because such privacy policies govern the use of information collected on those websites, including our customer's use of Adobe products and services where applicable.
If you would like more information about Adobe and our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Center.
Your Opt-Out Choices
We offer visitors to our customers' websites a means for controlling the use of browsing information with respect to products and services using cookies set from Adobe’s 2o7.
net and omtrdc.net domains, including Adobe SiteCatalyst, Adobe® DataWarehouse, Adobe® Discover™ and Adobe SearchCenter.
If, at any time a customer's website visitor does not wish to allow his/her browsing information to be aggregated and analyzed by Adobe on such customer sites, he/she may utilize the following opt out mechanism.
For customers that use non-Adobe cookies to collect information on their websites, please review the privacy disclosures of such customers for specific details on any and all applicable opt outs choices they provide on such sites.
Click Here To Opt-Out of 2o7.
net and omtrdc.net Cookie Tracking Now.
==========
